Word warping is what Lord Archer has done best in this series so far.
He is a gifted storyteller, and no doubt about that.
His ambitious plots were rivetting.
Kane & Abel, A Matter of Honour, Fourth Estate has no peers.
Now coming to his stories where one get to see his powers at its golden peak.
However clifton chronicles is a sand house, which doesnt stand even against a meek wind.
He has used his words on a stale plot.
Many gifted storytellers can use and has often done such gas bags.
No wonder it has disappointed the most ardent fans of Mr Archer.After reading the first two installments of The Clifton Chronicles, This was no big secret.
As Sabastian Clifton comes into the foreground as the next Clifton, Harry just watches out for a son.
Thriller movie franchise material in my opinion.
a Good read. .
not a Great one. .
Waiting for the next in the series and hoping for something better. .
What can be said of the Master Story teller who for so many years have given me lots of sleepless night to finish his awesome page turners... Another masterpiece with well researched story, backgrounds and characters.
Had a little bit less zing from the earlier one but certainly had the edge-of-the-seat suspense till the end.
eagerly waiting for the next part now.
Reaffirms my love for his novels.If you are an avid reader, look no further.
Flipkart gives you books at a discount of 50% !
It's a great place to buy books.
I frequently buy from here and it is delivered to me the very next day in excellent condition.
Jeffery Archer doesn't fail to make this book a page turner.
He truly is one of the best authors ever.
It's a must buy if you've read the two before this.
Quite a page turner.
Finished it in 5 hours straight.But Sins of Father was much better.
Its more inspiring than Best kept secret.First book was great .Second book was good.Third book wasnt much.
Just a few good parts.
You could predict many outcomes.This set of three books, The Clifton Chronicles, is just mindblowing.
You'll really feel like travelling along the story of the characters.
Perfect description of timely events and the story is perfectly woven to coincide with all historical happenings.You must really try this novel.Clifton Chronicles by Jeffery Archer truly lived up to expectations.. Its a classic, and Archer is on his best on this series...Truly engrossing novel..I say its a must buy for Jeffery Archer FANS.I would say that this book had good stories in parts and the parts have been marked which is a good thing.
The book starts with the courtroom drama which is gripping and interesting.
The focus suddenly shifts and many other people come in and out of the story making them seem devilish at one point and rather harmless after about 10 pages.
The end is very disappointing and Archer had probably left the pages blank to write our own rendition of what may follow.
It started well but Archer lost the plot towards the end.
Just a one time read, that too if you have free time to spare.
this book is worth reading but first two parts were better than this.
dont give a thought before buying it awesome  service by  flipkart jefray archer did it again .in
love with this book it is worth the money .
JEFRAY ARCHER is the best.The first of the series 'Only time will tell' was good.
It was indeed unputdown-able.
The sins of the father was ok.
This one was dragging.
But the series has still not answered the first question yet.
Are Emma and Harry siblings?
I have liked Jeffery Archer but I prefer Sidney Sheldon more.
One word to describe it-Outstanding.You won't be able to leave it till you finish it.But after finishing this part...the wait for the next part becomes more intense....can't wait for the next part in clifton chronicles .Not his best book, but not a book you can skip either.
The series moves on with typical 'Archerlike' twists and turns.
The focus has shifted to the next generation of the Cliftons and sets up the next book nicely with a cliffhanger.
The Clifton chronicles being Archer's dream project is looking quite good, although proceeding at a moderately slow pace with more than one twist being predictable.Still love his books!
A bit of a disappointment from Jeffrey Archer....not as enjoyable as the first two of the Clinton Chronicles.
The Indian edition by Pan Macmillan is of poor quality and the pages started to come out of the binding before I was halfway through the book!.Its a good read.
And you will want to know how it ends if you have read the first two.
But still I did find the first two better.
And more realistic keeping in tone with the feel of the book.
Flipkart is great as usual.
Love the service.Being a fan of Jeffrey Archer, this book was a huge let down, the pages towards the end are blank, story is left incomplete right in the middle of the climax.Comparing this with some of the great works of this author like Kane and Abel, you will start to wonder did Jeffrey Archer wrote this book just to pay his bills...Being an Archer fan, I had pre-ordered this book, but the final emotion was disappointment, and the question "what was it?".
The book is not bad, as such, with excellent language and story-telling skills, but so very predictable.
Certainly not a "page-turner", or something I'd like to keep in my do-not-lend bookshelf!
Maybe the three (or more?) part publication is good for marketing, but how I wish we could be given the whole story in a single, literally "unputdownable" volume, like say "Kane and Abel".
Certainly am not going to pre-order the next episode (if there is one).
One more gripe - there are a number of blank pages at the end, which leads to confusion - did I get an incomplete copy?
I was about to write in to Flipkart but came to know that all my friends' copies were like that.a
good book to read , if u r a an archer fan like me u ll like his style of witing else it wont b a nice read 4 u.. my advice dont make up ur mind in the first 150 pages, the best comes after that.. in all a joyful read.
Jeffrey Archer surpassed himself by this novel... Hats off to him...
The great saga continues...
The bestseller of all times is back with the 3rd series of the novel Only Time Will Tell...Awaiting many more such excellent books... Hi I have to say that I was dying to get my hands onto the book.
And as I started reading and got to kno more about the next Cliffton - Sebastian I realized that its a repeat of the last two book in terms of the conclusion of all the events that happen in his life.
I.e. at last all will be well in their favor.
And the whole series starts feeling like on of those long unending Indian serials.
The writing like always is top class cant deny but the story lags the punch you felt in the first and t he second book.
And now with Jeff Archer declaring that there maybe 7 and not 5 book to conclude the cliffton chronicles, I am kind of not sure should I read ahead :-(.
I'm a big fan of Jeffrey Archer and a bigger fan of this series - The Clifton Chronicles - so you may find that this review is biased.
However, after a long time, I've come across a book that was absolutely unputdownable.Archer is just the best when it comes to creating characters that are real yet loveable.
You care for each character, you want good things to happen to them, you swear when someone plots against them - the book pulls you into its pages and the lives of its characters very deftly.This book is a clear must-read for anyone who's been following the Clifton Chronicles.
However, if you are new to the series, do read the first book - Only Time Will Tell - before you pick this book up.
The series is a master class in writing and the plot, the pace, the impact of each line is leagues ahead of anything else I've read recently among  the popular authors.
The Clifton Chronicles is likely to be known as Jeffrey Archer's epic with four more novels planned in the series so don't miss out on reading the first book in the series if you've not done so already.
Unlike some other reviewers on this site, I found the third book in the series better than the second one.
The narrative tries to set a foundation for a generational change as well as building on Harry, Giles and Emma's lives post the second world war.
A few new challenges, some old (and a few new) adversaries complete the mix.
And, of course, it ends on a note that leaves the reader waiting for the next in the series - though I'm reasonably sue which way the coin is likely to fall.
The one grouse I have with this - as with most Archer books of late - is that for those like me who have read almost all his works, most of the twists are easy to see coming.
That however is just a minor irritant.In typical fashion, Archer has spun a yarn incorporating new characters into the story.
BKS makes for a fast and breezy reading experience without offering the depth that Clifton Chronicles 1&2 offered.
Character development is very shallow & primarily the plot lacks a purpose & direction which is in stark contrast with the previous 2 books.In spite of this, the book still makes for a good read.
It falls below the expectations mainly because of the lofty levels reached by Only time will tell, Sins of the Father.Best Kept Secret is the fast food you had to make do with while you were anticipating Exquisite Archer Cuisine...Hope the next book makes up for this!!!!!!!
This book takes the story forward well.
Though I found a few aspects a bit forced (Giles' girlfriend), Archer's storytelling skills more than make up for just about everything.
I quite enjoyed reading it.The first feeling after reading this book is anger.
You get angry and mad at the author.
But on second thoughts you realize that this is only to keep you on your toes till the next installment.
The title is a misnomer.
There is no earth shattering secret in the book.
The only issue kept secret by the crook becomes known to the readers and other characters in the book immediately.
The chapter on the battle for parliament elections is vintage Jeffry Archer.
Rest of the book does not match up to the standards of Jeffry Archer but neither it is so bad.
The brilliant narration and the fast pace of the book makes you finish it at one go and let us hope that  content also matches in the next installments .This is typical Archer, moving quickly between different characters, switching scenes and giving us readers non-stop excitement.
However, the story begins to lack substance as it moves from Harry to Sebastian Clifton.
The first and second book are much more purposeful with the second book especially riding high on the adrenalin rush that Emma's trip to the US and Giles' escape from the Germans provide.
It is still a good read and worth sticking to if you've read books 1 and 2.it might have been a good one if obvious comparisons wouldn't have arisen with the other two.
this one clearly lacks the twists and turns that were there in the first two books.
but i liked the ending though it is expected and understandable about what will happen appear in the first few pages of the fourth one.
but i failed to understand what was the best kept secret....well, an arden fan of jeffrey archer like me cannot put down the book before the last page but otherwise it's an average book.A typical Jeffrey Archer piece.
While reading you can sense, the thrill of watching a bollywood movie.
Engaging, but little repetitive.
One can find many similarities between the characters Archers novels.
Like, Emma reminds a lot of Florentyna.
Elizabeth reminds a lot of Grandmother Kane.
Alex Fisher reminds me a lot of Henry Osborne and so many more similarities which is definitely not very exciting.
Though it has good plot and a lot of thrilling moments, but its a one time read.
Jeffrey Archer has most certainly lost the plot.
The book is tiresome, badly written, yes, very badly written, and not a patch on his early novels.
He should be ashamed of himself churning out such nonsense.
It looks like there's a sequel and it's pretty certain that I will buy it- I live in hope- but honestly, save your money.
If you must read this book, borrow it.It is really a drag.
The story is just being extended for the sake of writing another book (and seems one more to follow).
It is not as gripping as his other books.
the characters are boring and too much dialog.
He could have finished this serious in his second book Give it a pass!!The whole novel is more like a filler in which the years have passed but nothing much has taken place.
The thing which I disliked the most is its similarity to another Jeffrey Archer novel in parts which I have read previously.
The share trading shown reminds me strongly of the underhanded things Abel did in “Kane & Abel?.
Also, when the book ended it left me thinking about which “secret? is the author talking about that is best off as secret?
Misleading title this one!
Hope the next two novels are something better than this one.I had pre – ordered this book.
However for the first time it wasn’t delivered to me.
As my previous experience with Flipkart has been very good I placed an order, a second time.
The book was promptly delivered this time.
However a few pages had come out of the binding & some pages towards the end were left blank.
The book ‘best kept secret‘ was just spellbounding and amazing like the previous books.
Archer is just an amazing writer when it comes to write these kind of story.
People should read book and experience the senario.The Cliffton Chronicles last volume ends softly.
Archer as a gifted novelist compels the readers to finish the volume - thanks to the style of writing - and to breathe a sigh of relief though expecting another gripping novel of mystery and improbable events culled from history's unread pages.Jeffrey Archer has us on our toes from the word go.
The book is equally thrilling as the first two books.Sebastin Cliffton grows up to be a wonderful youngster, helping his uncle Giles, when needed most.What happens to Sebastin Cliffton is the key to this book.Archer and his Cliffton saga will continue.Its too good.... fell in love with the characters all over again.
The story just gets better with each sequel.
Liked it more than the other two.
A must read.
Eagerly awaiting the Fourth Clifton Chronicles....
The end just lets the suspense continue... Too good .The much-awaited third novel in Jeffrey Archer's The Clifton Chronicles, takes off from where it left off, with the story tantalisingly poised, but sadly meanders on and then fizzles out, with the plot taking on predictable lines.
The chief protagonist of the Clifton Chronicles, Harry Clifton, does get to marry his childhood sweet heart, Emma Barrington, and takes the story forward by two decades, with his son Sebastian taking centre stage.
But the story fails to grab the attention of the readers as it is too predictable and hackneyed, almost to the point of being banal.
It comes as a huge disappointment for readers, who have waited with bated breath for one long year for this instalment to come out.
Jeffrey Archer, a master story teller, howerver, disappoints big time and does not live up to the expectations, that he has created for himself.
The plot is devoid of twists and turns, the narrative is uninteresting, and it fails to grip the readers, unlike the first two instalments of the saga.
Writers, unlike good wine, tend to  burn out as age catches up on them, and Lord Archer, it seems is no exception to the rule!
This series is no match for his magnum opus Kane and Abel trilogy, which he wrote at the prime of his youth!
However, for those of us, who have read the first two books of the series, and are die-hard fans of Jeffrey Archer, this book is a good one time read only, even though it is not as absorbing as the first two books of the same series.
But one sincerely hopes that the two remaining books of the series will be far more engrossing than this one, and will live up to the high standards that Lord Archer has set for himself!Jeffrey Archer never ceases to amaze with his writing...
All the books in this series have been simply awesome.... His story telling ways makes it harder for you to keep the book down.
Wish the next one comes sooner.I am big Jeffrey Archer fan but I think this book which is 3rd part in overall series is a downer compared to previous ones.1.
Similar to other reviewer I received book which had 8-10 blank pages towards end so  ending was not complete for the copy I received.2.
Contrary to title plot is quite predictable.3.
Theme in this series is getting bit repititative and does not excite any more.On a closing note, nothing much actually wrong with the book but is it must read kind of book?
A big NO to that.Awesome book! i had prebooked it and i am glad i did.
I am finished reading this third part of Clifton chronicles....and have only one question for the author-When can we expect the Fourth part?
The wait is pretty torturous.While most of the authors write stories full of twists and turns, the gift of Jeffery Archer is that he can turn a simple story into a compelling narrative.
Simply put, he is quite a story-teller.
The last of the Clifton Saga is a simple story, quite predictable on the whole.
But there are points where the novel is quite un-put-downable!
Do give it a try, especially if you have read the first two parts.Sequels ought to make us look ahead and squeal with pleasure and anticipation.. sorry to state that Vol 3 is fairly predictable.. crisply written yet vaguely dissatisfying... specially when each volume is NOT a standalone product.. so its kind of cheating but within the rules... I'd buy the next book but only because I have been foolish enough to buy the first three volumes of the Clifton Chronicles... (why - I'd like to ask Lord Archer...  why these short volumes at annual intervals... and maybe the title of his contemporary author says it all for J Archer... FALL OF GIANTS)Suggest borrow from a library - if you have not yet started on this series...PS: Flipkart's service and delivery has been fairly prompt.. yet the book cannot be 'reviewed' on the basis of speed of delivery alone!Really a new nice book :)Better than the rest :)FLIPKART was awesome as usual :)PREORDERED the book and it made into my hands right ON -TIME :)Really looking forward to the next one but feeling sad that i might have to wait another year for the next sequel :)I preordered it way a month back and eagerly waited for this book in continuation of clifton series and i feel goosebumps to remember that two more are yet to come ND Flipkart once again Superb and fast delivery Thanks for making this site,Thanks for serving US....Jeffery Archer!
Again!
I cannot describe how awesome he is!
Yet another amazing work by the master!
Got the book at 1030 today, thanks to preordering.
Left with the last 100 pages.
Very, very good book.
A must read.
Better than Sins of the Father.
Eagerly awaiting the final two books of the Clifton Chronicles.
Lastly, Flipkart's service has always been awesome!
But aFlipkart has outdone itself this time.
Amazing service!
I got the dispatch mail last night and the book was in my hands at 1030 today!
:D Had pre-ordered the book and got it few hours back.
The book starts off pretty well.
Very much interesting as the books before this.
Eagerly waiting to finish it.
As of now I will rate it 5 because of the nice start                            
