                                Author is totally illiterate on Hindu Dharma.
Mind full of venom & dirt.Good comic work for Christian/Muslim society.
Very good Book by indian Author.
I got the delivery of product very quikly and the packaging of product was very good                                                            I have read the 1st trilogy and that was simply fantabulous and i'm reading it right now and i know that this one's gonna more and more awesome~!! i have read only few chapters but i know i m gonna enjoy a lot and i m enjoying actually,after this i m pouncing on the 3rd one!!
The second one of the trilogy, this book continues to excel.
The secret of the Nagas is also a page turner like the first one.
But, blunders started to come in, as author glorifies the technological growth at the time of the story.
Have to say that, some assumptions/imaginations the author have put in is too wild to even read in a fiction book.
LIke - scientiests know how to work nuclear fusion and fission, but don't know about the metal Iron ...  But, those things can be forgotten, as the book is a real page turner.
Well done.
:)                                                            its really frustrating .I ordered 4 books two of them were in good condition but this was having bad paper quality.
flipkart must mention the quality of the paper as well saying paperback is not enough :( :(                                                            This book is also a great read.
But not as good as the first one was.
After reading the first part, I ordered both of the second and third part of trilogy.
But they happened to be little more boring than the previous ones.
But sure, try this one out if you want to know what happened about the Naga who tried to kill Shiva.
Its so good and interesting, gripping story !!Completed this book just in 2 days........It was really a quick delivery from Flipkart                                                            very interesting page turner story based on mythological background.&
sequel of immortal of meluha remain suspense ending                                                            The story is well continued after the first book.
Lots of new, surprising and shocking information is revealed.
Did not find it as engaging as the first book for some reason.
But enjoyed it nevertheless.
And anyway, after reading the cliff-hanger ending of the first book, you can't stop without reading this one!
better writing done in all three parts .
if you read it will allow you to change your thought process                                                            Very well written..True page turner..I am not able to close the book at any point of time..
Such a well written book..All the 3 of Shiva trilogy..Must read..                                                            Delivery of Flipkart was truly amazing.Book is a bit medium paced.Although Lots of violence This book can be read by all.Secret of the Nagas finally revealed in this second thriller by AMISH.Some parts are really interesting.GO for it.....!!                                                            Honestly its not as great as 1st part but worth reading.....great way to feed brain with good imaginations....great work....
I read all the 3 books and well the first one is best, followed by second and and distantly followed by the 3rd edition.This gets boring and lengthy in the middle till the end.
The only good aspect about this book was introduction of kali and ganesha and why they are the way they are.
Its a Second book in the trilogy and the best book i had been thru with superb concept and presentation.
Maintains the suspense and thrill throughtout the book and hats off to AMISH..................
This was the first audio book that I used.
It was just amazing.I could hear it as I was travelling.
The convinience must be appriciated.The writing is excellent & the narration was good.Just be cautious that this is a Fiction book & not a MYTHOLOGICAL book.
So no corealation should be drawn.
Some reviewers though, tried to find faults with this books contradction with the mythology.
Guys this is someone's new creation & not a vedic book.So just enjoy with a open mind...                                                            Somebody commented on Amish's writing abilities saying he is on his way to becoming paulo coelho of the east but dude his amazing, even better actually.
I am actually a fan of paulo but this guy Amish has just left me awe-struck.
It is mythological but not communal.
and one of the best books i have ever read in my life.
DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME,BUY IT ASAP!                                                             2nd part of the The Shiva Trilogy...just after reading the first book, can't stop myself from opening this part...excellent trilogy written by Amish Tripathi..after reading one part its really difficult to hold the excitement of reading the next part..All the 3 books are must read if you love Shiva (The Hindu God) and Fiction..                                                            Thanks a lot to Flipcart for so quick delivery.
It was delivered only in one day means next day after I have ordered the book.The book is the best among the three in the Trilogy.
Very good work Amish.
Carry on.
Waiting for your next set of books.
The Shiva Trilogy is by far one of the best series that I have read this far.
Clear and crisp writing ensures you are hooked on to till the last page....I kept waiting desperately for each book after reading the Immortals of Meluha......just finished with the Oath of the Vayuputras.
Amish has managed to win another fan.
It manages to match the standards set up by the Shiva part 1. although the 2nd half of the book has a lot more twists and turns and pacy than the first half buy never does it deviates from its path.
A must read.
Really exited for the 3rd part.Just loved to read it......                                 Let me just say that Amazon refused to post my initial scathing review !!! Posting my modified review now.When I read the first of the trilogy, I was unsure about Amish's capabilities as a writer, just like a viewer of the star wars series - Is he the good guy or the bad guy ?I am at page 229 and find it really hard to go any further.
Let me give my reasons:1) Anandamayi's endless sighs for Parvateshwar.
She reminds me of southern Indian sirens of yesteryears like Anuradha, Silk Smitha or Disco Shanthi.
It is a little hard to believe that she is a princess, whose brother appears to be groomed by the queen of England.
Yet, this princess behaves like a street hooker with an insatiable appetite for sex, never hesitating to reveal her assets to entice Parvateshwar.
Great quality of imagination !!!2) The omnipresent Ayurvati - anytime, anyone gets hurt, Shiva yells "Get Ayurvati".3)
The English in this second of series hasn't gotten any better than the first book.4)
The author's lame attempt to introduce some scientific concepts he has stumbled upon - perhaps on Facebook or a chain mail from his financier friends - for instance, the liger or the description of the ships.5)
The last straw for me was introducing Lord Parashuram as a bandit.
Lord Shiva even gets to call Lord Parashuram "a Bastard"...Wow !!!
In an epic battle scene between Lord Shiva and Lord Parashuram, how is Parashuram defeated ?
Through Anandmayi's knife act; Anandmayi had just one month of weapons training - a crash course for dummies who want to entice men vowed to celibacy.
In this battle, Parashuram has been portrayed as a bollywood goon who gets beaten up by the bollywood hero in the opening act just to introduce us to the prowess of the hero; give me a break !!! Amish either seriously suffers from a lack of imagination here or was just too busy churning out books in a fast succession to cash in when the sun shone on him.It is another thing that Lord Parashuram is credited with wiping out 21 clans of Kshatriya's singlehandedly in the Puranas.
Also, Parashuram and Shiva were not peers.
According to the puranas, a young Parashuram had received weapons and martial arts training from Lord Shiva as a reward for his penance.Net-net according to me, if you know anything about puranas, even through Amar Chitra Katha, and you expect good English and research, and are allergic to bullshit, stay away from this crap.
I wouldn't go to the extent of suggesting that Amish return to Financial Accounting like the other commentators have done; no, he cannot invent credible stories even there if this Shiva trilogy is anything to go by...just kidding.
This series had a great potential but is nowhere close to the likes of Game of thrones or Tolkien series.I am now left wondering what I should do with the three books I have in hand.
Selling it to raddhiwala (recycler) will get me 20 Rs per kg.
Donating those books to library may damage both the reading skills and a young undiscerning reader's perception of Indian heritage.
And my upbringing prevents me from burning any book; hope I can come out with a trilogy on my dilemma.
Someone, quick, get me Ayurvati, the somras may do the trick !!!
This is the best book of Shiva I ever read in my life.
It tells us many things about him as well as the given lot of information about what kind of culture was in 1900 B.C.All magic tricks are scientifically explained.
So there were no any miracal was been performed those days.People who are fiction addict must read this book.
The book truly reveals the secret about the Nagas & leaves with another secret for the following part.
I felt that Amish took a long time in this book to reveal the suspense due to which u will lose a bit of grip in the story, but stunning revelations made most of it.
The story gets highly emotional in between.
More characters are added in this book.
Now, looking forward to read the 3rd part.
Still Shiva had a major task to find.
I am pretty sure the third part is going to be much more fun than the previous two.
I highly recommend all to read Shiva trilogy.
I thoroughly enjoyed reading it & u may well be addicted to finish it at a stretch.
With a few surprises it actually kept me engrossed for 3 days on the trot.
A fresh take on the Mahadev.
Now I'm onto discovering the Oath of the Vayuputras.
At this price I feel this is a great buy.
'Immortals of Meluha' and 'The Secret of Nagas' are real page turners.
Keep you stick to them till you complete.
Best thing was I got a good combo offer from Flipkart and as usual the support from them was just awesome.
:)                                                            The Secret Of The Nagas, second book from Amish Tripati.Even this book is awesome excellent description............................And as always Flipkart does the best, delivered within 2 days.
I would give 5 out of 5 for this...............
A very good continuation to the first part.
Not a book you can keep lying around for a long time without reading it.
Shiva is portrayed such realistically that is seems he is almost your next door un-sung hero.
Very believable.
A work of fiction that has been researched and kept in line with mythology and legend but also has surprising twists and turns.
Shiva is omnipresent and omnipotent, but Amish has made it appear that the same Divine Soul reincarnates over and over whenever evil is about to triumph over good.
The Hindu philosophy of Avatars incarnating in times of extreme danger to Dharma, when the balance of good and evil is heavily listing towards evil - this has been very beautifully demonstrated.
Shiva, whom Ram worshiped is now shown as coming after Ram's advent and in turn, Shiva worships Ram.
To my mind this is what I found most compelling and charming about the book.
Read without making judgements about what is known, and you will absorb the essence of Shiva, otherwise you will just get bogged down in discrepancies and will not enjoy the book as it should be enjoyed.
Hmm... well thought of plot.
Personally I liked conversations between Shiva and Vasudevas.
Few plots in the novel are not required or are streched unnecessarily.
But overall the story is very gripping.
One of the big improvement I suggest is the English language could have been better and crisp.
The novel lacks good english.
The language used is somewhat english with hindi tadka.
Once again FLIPKART impressed with prompt delivery !!Quite a mysterious book.
Initial pages may be a bit boring.
But the plot thickens as the book progresses.
A lot of secrets come out as the story moves at a good pace.
Good continuation to the impressive first book.Going well AMISH!!                                                            this book's first 10-15 pages are just a lot boring........but, after that it takes a sudden grip ........ large number of secrets get revealed..... one of the best books that I've read ........... worthy book.........
This book will make you nostalgic about its characters.
All the characters are so well narrated and crafted that you will visualize them precisely how they'd look out of this book.
The pace and the series of events are wonderfully engaging that you'd be forced to turn pages.
One of the best books that I've read with such artistic way of writing and conceptualizing the story with each character in such mind-blowing way.
Be a part of the amazing journey of Shiva.
He'd leave you thrilled from within.
You already love Immortals of Meluha and now you wonder if this is going to be good.
This books leaps ahead and is full of thrills and revelations.
I simply loved it.If you have already read Immortals of Meluha then this book is waiting for you.
Go fir it.
I have grown up hearing and reading Indian mythology books during my childhood and very happy that I got to read this book.
It is a very well researched book with simple language and effective narration.
Liked the way Shiva, Sati, Ganesh and Karthik and everybody else is portrayed as mortal human beings.
The description of the locations is effective and I could visualize it as I read the book..Was hooked to the book till the end… Enjoyed reading it and recommend reading it.
This is a rare feat by an Indian Author I must say.To be so Western  in thoughts but yet remain an Indian at core is an art few have mastered.We all need some inspirations to fight the evil within which is the greatest source of it and although we cannot get rid of it completely we can atleast subdue it for long.Amish's Novels gives us an Insight into the very evil that grips our humanity today and which every Individual must fight till his last breath.Great work I must say.I will say forget the facts and just enjoy this series.It might just turn out to be the novel you have sought for a long time to soothe your nerves.
I bought this book recently from flipkart.
Thanks to its speedy delivery...
I got this book after nearly 3 weeks I completed the first book...
I thought i need to read the 1st book one more time to remember the name of the characters..
But anyhow i started reading this book.. To my suprise when the novel goes on, i could easily follow the characters.. Thats what make this trilogy a unique..
A simple plot with small twists, turns and convincing philosophies which never let to keep the book down before finishing....Excellent attempt by the author to blend history, archaeology, philosophy into a wonderful novel...Looking forward to the final part....
The trilogy is a work of Fiction.
FICTION.
One must remember that.It is a wonderful narration of Shiva's life & his mission.
It is a Fictional depiction but does not take away much from the character of the Lord.
A very thrilling and a racy story about the war between Good & Evil.
The characters come to life by the author's style of narration of events.
The first two parts of the Trilogy are wonderful, but it gets a little repetitive & boring by the time you come to part 3 (Oath of the Vayuputras) - you read about battle after battle.
But the author does make up towards the end of part 3 where the twists and turns and strong emotions keep you glued to the book till the very end.
I like the way Lord Shiva's story is depicted - first as Shiva the boy, then Shiva the man, and then Neelkanth the Mahadev.
It is a journey for the Lord Himself and not only his followers who have been eagerly awaiting Him.
This is the best part of the novelists story telling method - to depict how a man becomes God by his deeds.
An interesting view point.
Reading this fiction made me more interested in going back to reading the Puranas - the Siva Purana - the authentic version of Lord Shiva's life !
If you've read the first part of 'Shiva Trilogy' i.e. 'The Immortals of Meluha', then this is a MUST read for you.
Otherwise, you can't even understand the concept and plot depiction of the story.
One needs to go through the first part to grasp and enjoy this wonderful sequel!
I'll give it a 4/5.
When I started i could not imagine Ganesh and Kali's characters.I liked the concept of Nagas the most.
Though the book is not as good the first part it will keep you engaged.
The book is bit stretched in some parts.Still overall a good thriller.
Immortal of Meluha incited a curiosity as to what secrets the sequel would reveal.
Having bought both, I immediately took to Secrets of the Nagas, as soon as I finished Immortals...See, no doubt the books are not going to be famous for literary skills of the author or historical impeccability either.
But at the same time the imagination of the author deserves an applause.
In India where everything is so sacrosanct, where a painting can ignite so much hue and cry and hatred campaigns, to come out with humanisation of Gods is in itself an achievement.
(Not that it has never been done before).
Introducing  Ganesha and Kali as deformed human beings, Kali being Ganesha's mausi and Sati's sister...they keep you hooked to whatever is going to happen next.
As the story unfolds there is an anticipation as one relates the fiction with some known mythological fact lurking in the mind.
Leave aside the language, the historical and Mythological discrepancies, the massive use of slangs...I particularly like the intertwining of mythology with scientific interpretations.
Atleast it appeals to me.
If you have read Immortals...no way you can leave it...
This book is a definite thriller.
Perfect twists in every chapter to make you gasp with surprise and awe.
A must have book in your collection.
Amish has the magic of beautiful writing and conveys the expressions brilliantly.As usual, flip kart's delivery is extraordinary.
'Secret of the Nagas' written by Amish is a top notch work of modern fictional literature.
The author's previous book 'The Immortals Of Meluha' broke several records and made a benchmark in modern Indian fictional writing.
Though this is piece of fiction, I gives me more interest to think that such people actually existed in India.
What if Shiva, Sati and other characters truly existed in our great country?
This book is particularly is interesting as it deals with the fact that to know evil truly, we must know what evil really is and Shiva experiences the same thoughts in his mind.
Also it deals with darker and unholy land of the Nagas and their real identity.
Also the secret that the land holds with Sati's past, present and future.
Also the revealing of the true color of a major character plays an important part in the story.
Buy it if you have liked the first part.
Don't buy it if you have not read the first book, as you won't understand a thing of the book if you haven't read the first book.
Don't buy it if are not interested in religious or fictional writing.
Om Nama Shivai.
I was very impressed with Immortals of Meluha and was expecting a lot from The Secret of The Nagas.
I must say this book manages to raise the bar even further and makes the reader live the journey of Shiva.
I hope we all understand this is not history, but just a work of fiction, garnished with Myhtology.
So my request to fellow readers and reviewers, please don't consider this book as the life story of a God, rather enjoy the journey and appreciate the tribute to the NEELKANTH.
HAR HAR MAHADEV                                                            when I started to read this book ....... i thought that it would be as same as the immortals.... intersting and at some part bit slow ...... bt this one was more with the story and good action sequences written ...... fight between parshuram and shiva's army was well written ...... role of ganesh is very surprising ...... secret of nagas was exciting .......  finally my review is that it is best sequel which could be written                                                             First ....flipkart...awsm delivery  ...got it d next day after i ordered...Amish has done awsm job with this book...I found this book btr than Immortals of meluha..There r many unexpected twists nd turns in this book...many secrets r revealedThis is a Trilogy u all should read !!                                This second book of Shiva Trilogy is not as entertaining as first book.
Book focus more on philosophical concepts.. Sometimes those philosophical concepts does not satisfy your mind.. he has to work more on it...
It takes lot of unnecessary turns..
After First excellent book Amish has lost track in this book...
It more looks like Bollywood movie.. Specially Ganesha's Character will make u aghasted.. Lot of interweaving stories makes this book somewhat boring.. Though like a bollywood film end is interesting still Amish should not have mixed so many surprising(?)
turns in the book.. Just read the book to complete trilogy series..
One of the best books I have ever read - Great story and wonderful narration .
Its kinda slow at the beginning but once you cross few chapters you ll get hold on to it.
Its a must to read the other two parts which requires the thumbs up!
And delivery from Flipkart is  always prompt and clean so no need to worry about that.
The tittle of the book can not justify the contents of the book as the secret that everyone was looking for is not revealed in the 2nd book.
It gets interesting when the Nagas are revealed but nothing else grips reader in this part.
Its really page turner, lot twist and narration of author was Awesome.
Twist was Twisted well.... Especially the naga twist was super i finished it in three days like ghost protocol.
Amish didnt disappoint me.
Well done Btw Flipkart package was excellent keep it up                                                            Filled with drama, action, philosophy and history...
A gripping read!
Simple yet impactful the book takes you on a journey with Shiva that uncover secrets, reveal truths and lead towards reasoning between good and evil.
Amish know how to deal with these stuff.
Very well written.
Good book to read,.
Good experience as well.
Cant stop reading it once you started to read.Good transformation and well handled characters.
Just completed reading The Secret of the Nagas.. happy to say that the book is really as good as its first part.
Author has quite well used the entire geographical facts efficiently ..
You will definitely love this book..                                                            the moment i started reading this book i couldn't kept it down .. i read it at one go..never came across a book which compells you to turn the page...i would this book to everyone ...religious,agnostic,athiests ....                                                            Flipkart is awesome as ever.
And coming to the story plot, Amish did a very well job presenting the tremendous journey of Shiva through out India(Not all India).
This Trilogy's first part made me serious Novel reader and Fiction Lover.
I really admire the way he took to give a new meaning to the Epic Hindu Mythology.
Though, the epics were presented to us, were Fiction as well.
The new trend set to that was astounding.
Very Pleasant read.I congratulate Amish for his success.
I'm now reading "The Oath Of the Vayuputras" last book of this series.
After you read "The Secret Of The Nagas" ,you'll desperately want to have the third book Swallowed.
Gossips are saying that Bollywood is gonna film this series.
And my sincere appeal to Bollywood is not to film this and not to ruin the ultimate epic novel produced from India.
The story teller and Shiva's voice - they should had been vice-versa.
Its something good to hear but the voice of Shiva always giving some feeling that it could have been better, maybe the story teller's voice.
yes this book is worth every penny will get the next one!! finished both the books back to back!! enjoy your read you will not be disappointed,would be surprised to know if some one says he/she didn't like the book after reading it..
It was a good continuation to its precedent.. Amish did a good story narration which will keep us bound to the book.I wasn't able to leave the book till it was completed it was the suspense which generates  more interest in it.
However it was a bit disappointing then the previous one.
The 2nd installment of the Shiva Trilogy by Amish Tripathi is just as good as the previous pne...if not better.
The revelations made in the book are really mind boggling.
The plot is greatly deepened in this book but really leaves you at a cliff hanger.
A fantastic book overall.
This book the sequel to its first counterpart is equally amazing but the end of the book is kinda predictable.
May be because I have got an off the book imagination or the story gives the hint but still the story keeps you engaged even if you know what the end of book reveal.
The story flow is flawless with its constant ups and downs, twists and turns, new allies and betrayals.
so I would recommend to people read it once.
Do not Please Do not compare it immediately with the vedas, gita, etc. read it first and then think and compare.
The Secret Of the Nagas, a sequel to The Immortals of Meluha is equally adventurous & well written.
Amish is an excellent story-teller who has narrated the story after good research on History & Mythology.
For a reader it is always advisable to first go through thr first part of the SHIVA TRILOGY i.e.
The Immortals Of Meluha before starting with The Secret Of the Nagas so get a better picture of the story as a whole & the characters in the story.
Amish has carried the story forward from the first part very nicely.
It keeps you on the edge and always guessing.
However, it is a bit too dramatic (read filmy) in certain places, else would have got 5/5 from me.
Recommended!
It has a lot  of suspence left since part 1 excellent .
would suggest allllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll of you to read the shiva'a trilogy.
HHHHHAAAAAAAARRRRRR HHHHHHHHAAAAAARRRR MMMMMMAAAAAAHHHHHHHAAAAADDDDDDEEEEEEVVVVVVV!!!!!!!!!!!!
The twists ans turns of this book are more intense than the first book and hence you don't feel like stopping.
The way Amish describes ancient India is just incredible.
It makes you see ancient India, the beauty and the humbleness of India.
i got this book recently.good
service by flipkartabout the book, i read few pages and found the book confusing.firstly
mahadev is regarded as nilkanth which is wrong as he was given that title after consuming poison and that time parvati was there and not sati.
here in book its sati who is there as his wife and i guess parvati came after sati in mahadev's life.secondly in book it is mentioned that ramayan took place before marriage of sati and shiva or shiva and parvati which is not true as far as i know.thirdly,
shiva and daksh's relation was not that good as shown in the book.overall
i lost interest in reading this book.
loved 'Meluha' well as 'Nagas' very much.... i could hardly put the book down after starting it.... even though it contradicts the scriptures in many places you are sure to enjoy it if you read it purely as a work of fiction....
With the impending release of the final book in the trilogy, I re-read my copy of The Immortals of Meluha.
It's been a year and a half since my first read but I still found it gripping.
As one reviewer put it, hard to put down and a definite page turner.
By the end I was wondering how the author could outdo the first novel.And then I picked up and finished the second installment yesterday - another gripping page turner.
Amish has outdone himself and that's no mean feat.
His books read better than many foreign authors.While critics (and me) will find amusement in things like 19th century intrusions on a 1500 BC storyline (clipper boats for instance), and while the ending doesn't completely reveal the rationale behind the secret, overall this book is excellent.For one, Amish is one of the few Indian authors who can spin a yarn with believable characters you can relate to -- Shiva's personality is well fleshed out, but there are also others who lend character and support it like Daksha, Parvateshvar, Anandmayi, and Parshuram.
The key thing with the philosophy in the storyline, as also reflected in his characters is the balance of good and evil and the absense of absolutes (black and white).And then there're the devices he uses to look back on the past, expanding on an episode in bouts (like the way Shiva's terrifying childhood encounter and his destiny as foretold by his elder is expounded successively).Can't wait for the third part to release.
Only one suggestion -- the ebook should really have been priced lower :P                                                            wonderfully read.Great depiction of different characters.
The Story moves forward swiftly and keeps the listener engaged at all times.The Dramanon Theatre ( people who read the audiobook) have done an amazing job.Looking forward to LISTENING to the Next Part of the audiobook too.
Starts right from where 'The Immortals of Meluha' ends.
The book is unputdownable and comepels the reader to turn the page and read on and on and on..... Fast narrative, relevantly related to mythology, still drifting away from the normal but satisfying the reader with its logic and arguments.
The climax has beautifully scripted and makes the reader wait for the next issue.
Kudos to Amish Tripathi.A must read for everyone and get to look at Hindu Mythology from a different perspective.I am tired of praising Flipkart again and again.
But as it goes once more - "HATS OFF 2 U"!!!!!!                                                               Had bought the audio book, a completely new crew is narrationg and FX is poor.
Rashid Raza would have been a better option.
Content of both CD's are same one on MP3 format and other on M4B format, dont get confused.
I did not waste even a moment after i finished Immortals of Meluha before starting this book.
It was more thrilling and captivating than the first book in the triology.
It sets the pace right from the beginning and had me biting my nails as to what would happen next.The last word of the book was a stunner for me, however would urge all readers to resist turning to the last page before reding teh entire book, it will spoil the tremendous build up to the climax.
The mystery continues and I am awaiting the 3rd book impatiently.
Amazing book by an amazing author..
The book deals with the life of Shiva, the Indian god of destruction, but is fiction nevertheless.
The sequel to 'The Immortals of Meluha' has some exciting twists and twirls in the plot, with new, mysterious and awesome characters adding on to the fun while reading the book!
The book is worth the price and I hope you enjoy it!!
An engaging and enthralling book, good one to have.
I am an occassional reader and the book glued me till the end.
Great dimensions on spirituality.
This could be ideal for children but it is equally insightful for adults, Nice Job Amish, great job Flipkart for timely delivery and attractive Cashback from Pennyful India.
The book looks thick and might scare you to go ahead with it, but its so well written, it just takes you on a different world and i bet you cant stop reading till you finish in one go!
Truly worth reading!
The book is just mind-blowing!It was an interesting read and just awesome!The "Shiva Trilogy" is the most amazing series I have ever read.The book was as good as the Shiva Trilogy 1 : The Immortals of Meluha.I would recommend it to anyone.Don't think twice before clicking the "Buy Now" Butoon!I cant wait for the Shiva Trilogy 3 : The Oath of the Vayuputras.But one disappointment was flipkart's packaging...Flipkart's service is becoming bad...                                                            this book gives a basic argument of good and bad, taking the plot of Shiva, how he became the lord of lords.
it was the fight to know the evil and destroy that.
it lies within all of us.
Loved the way the story unfolds.
at times you feel the push and hits as you tend to get so involved in it.
I bought both the first and second parts together.
I couldn't wait to finish the first part to start the second.
This is an awesome thriller story trying to incorporate most of the characters in Shiva's life in Mythology, the best part is the way the secret of nagas was carried forward through one and half books.
A gripping story told in a way that could be understood even by a layman.
Just like first part, the second part was also very interesting and now I am waiting for the 3rd part.
A Must Read for all the readers.
But don't start this without finishing the first part "The Immortals of Meluha"                                                            Great characterization of Gods related to Shiva and the imagination to craft Shiva's life is worth appreciating.
Its difficult to keep the book down once you start reading it (at least happened with me).
Must read for those who love fantasies related to Indian Gods.
I bought the first two books at same time.
After reading the first book i din waste a minute to start the second book.
The second book i very very interesting and it thrills us.. Unable to predict even a scene in Secret of Nagas.. the re-entry of Brahaspati leaves us awaiting for the third book.
I'm eagerly waiting for thrid book..
Both Meluha and Nagas were very good books!!!                                                            Something different.
Got to know more n more about nagas.
Eye opener.
Not a voracious reader, But i enjoyed this piece completely.I also recommend some other genre books:Two states- Chetan bhagat Chockolate Sauce- Arpit VageriaThat's the way we met- Sudeep nagarkarI too had a love story- Ravinder singh                                This book takes the story forward from "The Immortals of Meluha" and is gripping and captivating like the first book.
It is full of suspense, thrill and action.
A must read if you have read the previous book.
Overall a very good sequel and I am eagerly waiting for the third part.
:)                                                            The second of the book, it reveals a lot of mysteries.
People change, revelations are made, battles are won, and you are made to think of what is Good vs. Evil.
New characters are introduced, and old characters are seen in a different light.
Trust is built and betrayals are made.
It all is an exciting journey.
The last page and last word should really be read in the end or else it will spoil the secret.
Again, a must read.
"What happens next????"
You will have this question every time you turn a page in this book.
Shiva Trilogy is an awesome work by Amish.
The best Myth book I've read so far...Concept really is thrilling....YOU MUST REALLY READ THE FIRST PART BEFORE STARTING THIS ONE...Hope you enjoy the book...
I am eagerly waiting for the 3rd and the last "The Oath Of The Vayuputras"...
Only a person who is not in the right mind will not like this book .
I have read this book 6-7 times and I'm still not bored of it .
There is suspense , thrill and action jumping off every page of the book .
Why not encourage such amazing authors ( Amish Tripathi ) instead of condemning and discouraging them .
This book is a must buy if you have read the Immortal of Meluha which is the first book .
I borrowed and read this book from my friend who bought this from flipkart.Actually I am a follower (I believe) of Lord Shiva and not the man Shiva (The fiction Character Mentioned Here).
Some Twisted Facts.1.How come Lord Ganesh is Nor Lord Shivas son (In the story he is the son of sati's first husband).2.Lord Ram Married  Sita by breaking Lord Shivas bow(Here Lord Shiva appears after lord ram).3.And Lord Shiva and Lord Rudra are not two different persons who lived at different times they are the same person.4.I did not see the the nagas (Serpents and not  the nagas mentioned in the book) which is constant companion of Lord Shiva.5.The middle eye of Shiva is also missing...And most of the people would give him positive reviews due to1.They consider this as just a fiction book (Like harry potter)2.They don't know the true story of Lord Shiva.I don't care who gives negative rating to my review but truth is truth.This book is just a time pass read and one time read only......READ  THIS BOOK ONLY FOR TIME PASS JUST LIKE ANY OTHER BOOK                                                            Fantastic book with mind blowing secrets relieved.Waiting for the final part of Shiva Trilogy...!A request to peoples writing the review... Pls don't revel the climax as it spoils the whole gist of reading book.
Good that i ordered both the books together and did not wasted any time in placing fresh order :-).
This is the best I can say how desperately I wanted to read this book, sequel of 'The Immortals of Meluha'.
I started reading it @ 9 am and finished it by evening.
It's a good story told very differently.
I am sure you all will like this book a lot and would be left wondering what next!
Last book is yet to get published and I am wanting to read NOW :-)Cheers to good writing!
As good as it can be.
Love reading this kind of epic.My top pics in character based novel - God fatherImmortal of Meluha/Secret of nagasPapillonMaverick heart between love and lifeI love something which is based on character.
Character is building block of any story.
Plots, dialogue and other in story become filler then.
We can associated or think something like brand name - when Amitabh is on screen - certain things and quality are expected out of him.
His screen presence will matter - does not matter how messy at a times plot could be.Same thing happen when you have a story based on well defined character.
You will expect - tough decisions and reaction as per his attitude and viewpoint will come out.
But char building is not so easy.
painfully you have to build series of events and plot - which will define the basic feature of this man.
Karan Johar has already rights for Immortal of Meluha, let us see who is going to grab this one?
I am waiting for screen version of these epic.I was so fascinated by Siva char - I forgot the other elements like narration and smooth language.
Other books which are character based - Papillon (an autobiography of a french man - tried escaping from prison 13th time and finally succeeded.).
You need to read and see how char plays important role in determination to live free life at any cost, at cost of even your life.Another One - Godfather - We remember when God father speaks - it is not just dialogues coming out of his mouth but personality of man gets define based on those words.
My top pics in char based novel - God fatherImmortal of Meluha/Secret of nagasPapillonMaverick heart between love and lifeThe last one is by first timer.
But you will love for its meaningful and brilliant dialogue and character based driven plots.
Indian writing is coming to a new age.
Very good imagination, but I believe that the author didn't make a minimum homework reference about our history and culture before writing this book.Shiva who lived in the indus valley civilization time(as per the author) talks about "INDIA"  and unifications of all cultures.
There r a lot of similar illogical plots in this book where the author completely lost his control over the story.
Its a complete blunder compared to the first volume, Immortals of meluha, which was a chef-d'oeuvre of Amish!
Finally finished this book yesterday...and enjoyed reading it...not that entertaining & captivating as the 1st edition of the Trilogy but still an enjoyable read....kept the motivation & excitement for the 3rd part intact...the humour element is limited in this book and the focus is more on unraveling the mystery...Shiva's mind & thoughts opens up as the book progresses and the secrets are revealed!
Just cant wait now for the Last edition...BRING it on I say....My rating of this book: 3/5...
I loved the first part...I remember reading it within hours.
I read second part with great expectations but it was not what i expected.
It was predictable.
The shocks and surprises in the first part are missing here.But do read this novel as we need to read it to understand the third part.
Bring the third part now.
this is a perfect sequel to the Meluha ..Lovely story build up,Love the imagination and the language is simple..I loved the way ganesha was brought in and the new society was introduced.great
work                                                            Just read it and you'll know.
Please read the first book before this otherwise you will not understand anything.Amish Tripathi has done a fantastic job.
Don't think just buy it, you wont regret it.And it is more than worth its cost                                                            I have read this novel and this wonderful and create interest, i am waiting for the 3rd and final part of this novel.
this is something about lord Shiva, an imgination of the writer but still it creat interest.
When you read the book, you will find yourself in the same world.
So I must say that I haven't read the book, I just feel it.You will never ever feel alone while reading the book.
The story is so beautifully narrated.
The writer has wonderfully played with the words.
I love the thrill inside it.
Now I am waiting for the next book of Shiva Trilogy.
After having read 'The Immortals of Meluha', which was a chance discovery, I could not wait to get my hands on 'The Secret of Nagas'.
The second book of the trilogy did not disappoint me.
The author has woven mythology with a gripping plot in a way that the ancient India comes alive at once.
Especially the giving alternate  stories of well known folk-tales of Hinduism are intellectually stimulating.
Strongly suggested to anyone interested in alternate mythology or mystery in general.Waiting Amish to release the third one.
Well to tell i read this Book after reading of The immortals of Meluha.
I liked the first book but the second one is lead down it is not an upto the mark book which i expected after reading the first one, the book just covers Shiva Travelling and Travelling i don't think their was much Tale or story in this just for Suspense in the end it is shown the Shiva Brother alike and then it is written to be Continued....PS : This time FlipKart Service was also not properly got it delivered over a week, i usually gets stuff around 24hrs from FlipKart                                                            its a awsum novel..full of life n color... i just lost into it....
This is really inspiring for most of the people as only very few of us really love our jobs.
Back to the novel, its amazing a must read for everyone who loves to read a book that takes their soul into its own world....you will enjoy it more once you start chapter n next n next ...waiting for 3rd part to come into market..                                                            this book would really make you wonder what you were thinking when you read the first book, the beautiful revealing of ganesh to be  naga , the subjugation of daksha by shiva, the scene description of ganesh saving kartikeya and the revealing of the leader of the naga to be kali are all unnexpected and keeps you amazed till the end.
Not many writers are able to produce a sequel as gripping as the first book.
But Amish Tripathi goes much ahead by making this even more interesting.
Some edge of the seat revelations which keeps the reader hooked on till the last word.
A double thumbs-up!Dying to get my hands on Book 3.                                                             I have enjoyed each page of this wonderful novel.
The chapters are small, the language dignified and the story which keeps you riveted all the time.
Action sequences are vividly described and beautifully etched.
A reader will want to read it again and again.
I am going it read it again after a few months, just to enjoy a lovely evening.
I recommend reading it.
The story takes off from where it left in the immortals of Meluha.
A tale so gripping that it needs every page to be turned and turned quite quickly at that!! Until you get to the end! even there, he gives us such a cliff hanger that we'll be waiting for to know more.
A very well edited story, but would have done better with better langauage.
Some people here tell the book is poorly written, just one question for them, what if someone likes to write simple??Not everyone wants to use superior vocabulary to convey their ideas.So from my side, a real page turner, simple, effective, master piece.Well, waiting for The oath of the Vayuputras eagerly, gonna pre-book a copy.:-)
YES...............BRILLIANT!!!!!!That's all that can be said.
Though there are certain minute typos, it doesn't matter.
It's a true gem from Amish Tripathy.
Even as I'm writing this, Mr A.Tripathy is in my state, Odisha for a literary festive.
Absolutely fantastic.
ALL-IN-ALL, THIS IS THE BEST MIX OF FICTION+MYTHO+ACTION+SPIRITUALITY..............Surely buy, viewer.
All the best!!!!!
I really loved Shiva trilogy part one and I am even loving the second part but the same terminology used in both the books annoys me.
Amish must request his editors to use reader friendly terms or may be people with pedestrian English will no doubt improve their reading skills but in further will find his novels a boredom.
Nice fiction, keeps you engaged, good for one time read, not the one that brings you back.
However, the story telling and suspense is better in this book than the previous one.
Also, the characters have developed reasonably in this one.
Protagonist seems to be reaching his expected stature.
Read its 1st part and then took this one in hands.. masterpiece..
It is continuation of same engaging story of 1st part of the Shiva triology.
Amish has very well executed this part.
Must read for all who have read the first part.
Eagerly awaiting for 3 rd part.One suggestion.
You can buy the combo of 1st and 2nd part on flipkart its real money saver and delivery is pretty decent fast.
Happy reading..
This is mythology, history and social practices of a society very well woven into a nice story.
Shiva a tribal leader slowly rises to prominence as a powerful leader may be subsequently into God.
The most beautiful part of the story is that where the perfect society of Meluhans dumping their imperfect across the Vindhyas who are the unfortunate ones with additional limbs, distorted face and mutilated bodies born so.While every care has been taken by the author not to distort the social setup he has let his imagination run freely linking up events through the common thread of love and hatred.
The names he has chosen are more geographically identifiable.
The story has managed to weave in Shiva as Pasupathi from Meluha, Parvathi the Mother Goddess, Ram as the supreme Lord of the times , Ganesh the elephant headed God and Kali the black form of Parvati, the Naga Queen, The axe wielding Parasurama who kills the kshatriya hordes, the weakestform of warfare which we indians were not familiar with in those days the sea or inland water warfare and a scientifically produced Amrita bhana.
What a mix and what timelines has he managed to bring together!
Pure fiction and mesmerising.
Looking forward to the last volume of the series.
Good Story telling, this book like the first one is hard to put down and i am waiting for the next one Oath of vayuputhras.The ending are such like we will be eagerly waiting for its sequel.Delivery The book arrived in time .
good work flipkart keep it up                                                            "SATYAM SHIVAM SUNDARM " its truly said ... loved this book ... great story .... nicely edited  and written by Amish ... Nicely narrated and told  .. its really one of my favorites after The Immortals of Melhu  :)                                                              Mythology lovers will love this.
One of the excellent books i have ever read.
The first book Meluha was good, but this book is more better.
Great written.
Hats off to Amish tripathi.
Waiting for the third one.
i Dont find the writing style that satisfactory .i
mean i dont know why i feel an artificiality in the dialogues delivered between the characters.
but if u could ignore that this is an awsm read.an
interesting and new perspective on the Hindu mythologies.
and even if u c Shiva ignoring  mythological aspect,u l enjoy the story.a
good read.must
try                                                             Nicely formed script.
Highly interesting plot.
But, pales in comparison to the first part of this trilogy - "The Immortals of Meluha".
Had a lot of expectations from this part after Meluha but, a tad disappointed :(                                                             First of all, Thanks FlipKart for such a speedy delivery of this book.
Awesome service guys!!After I got my hands on Immortals of Meluha - which was an introduction to ppl like me to Shiva's life - a griiping story and a strong strory telling - i was very curious for the 2nd part.
I'd pre ordered it.
But to my dismay, it is not as gripping or captivating!
Its  been months I havent /dont wanto complete the entire book!
It lost me completely.
Not as gripping as 1st part.
If u have read ...Meluha...then u vl find ...secret of nagas lil below ur expectation.
This is the problem with this kind of stories...u build up too many mysteries..but at end ... u start finding it difficult to live up to those expectations!!!
It s purely my view.....But this book is also good ...and if u have read Meluha then u will definitely read it ... no matter what I or anyone say!!!
This is one of the ultimate book I have came across.
The moment I finished with "Immortals of Melhua" I placed an order on flipkart for "Secret of Nagas".
I got the book in my hand 3 days later which I was desperately waiting for.The only sad point is that, I was knowing the identity of NAGA even before reading "Immortals of Meluha".
(I have showered badly on my friend for revealing that to me before giving the book for me to read.)Despite of this the book is just a thriller.
There is action on every page and you will live the story as you read it.
I like the way the book is written and thrilled me till the last page.
Keeping all important appointment as side I finished the book only within 2 days.
And now desperately waiting for the next one..........
The book continues to keep the readers captivated throughout.
The simple language and small doeses spiritual gyan works in favor of the flow.
Its really unputdownable and I did finish it in one go!!! Cant wait for the last book in the series specially when the ending is at such a juncture.
I bought both the first and second parts together.
I couldn't wait to finish the first part to start the second.
This is an awesome thriller story trying to incorporate most of the characters in Shiva's life in Mythology, the best part is the way the secret of nagas was carried forward through one and half books.
A gripping story told in a way that could be understood even by a layman.
Just like first part, the second part was also very interesting and now I am waiting for the 3rd part.
A Must Read for all the readers.
But don't start this without finishing the first part "The Immortals of Meluha"                                                            After reading Immortals of meluha... i was desperately waiting for this second book of shiva triology.One suggestion to those who haven't read the prequel of this book..... read the Immortals of meluha first otherwise you won't enjoy it.Experimenting with the Mythology.... the author has written an interesting story with a very simple writing style.
If you to read about the God Shiv, then this is definitely not for you...
But can be read as a fiction.I liked the book and now waiting for its sequel!!                                                             Amish set high standards with the immortals of Meluha and his second book does justice only to an extent.
the book maintains its reader's interest by raising questions that are intriguing.
Like the last book, suspense intensifies halfway and gradually starts fading as well.
Only the last chapter poses a new mystery alongside the question: what are Brigu's motives?
The second installment in the Shiva Trilogy and it carries all the essentials of the earlier part.
The stroy continues with the same creative style of storytelling as in the Immortals of Meluha.
Though the pace is somewhat reduced but still its worth a read.
There are some shocking revelations made.
The book will keep you busy with the twist and turns and it gives ample scope for a great third installment.
Go for it.
Amish has done a wonderful craft...it has nothing to do with our true epics..though the author made the epic his platform...it great entertainer..feels like watching a superb hollywood movie with a great indian touch..
The book takes off from where it left in The Immortals of Meluha.
the pace was even faster thn the previous one.
the book is so gripping that i received the book on sat evening.
i was so engrossed that i cudnt keep my hands off it.
i spent the next day reading the book.
n beleive it or not i finished the book by sunday night.
the book is so well written that it keeps u guessing where the next page is gonna take you.
Definetly ADDICTIVE.
but to really njy this book first go through The Immortals of Meluha.
really had a great time reading it.
eagerly waitin for the next one in the series as it promises to be the best among the three.
Enjoyed reading Immortals of Meluha and then, the Secret of the Nagas.
Awaiting the third book in the series.
Not much to expect in terms of mythology.
At the most it is fiction based on mythology.
Gripping story line, nevertheless.
Happy that the book was delivered in mint condition and within one day of placing the order, at that.
Read both immortal of meluha and secret of nagas ,before i used to think why people read books what fun they get in reading books,i considered book readers as bore,bt i was very wrong, book reading is the  best hobby a person can have,they r the way to improve one's knowledge, reading skills without any effort and one get attached towards them as i m now.sure
i have developed a good hobby and will continue with it for very long.for the books- i love both the books in this series so much that despite being a neophyte i have started recommending this book to everyone i met, even i have purchased the hindi version for my mom and the question she asked me after reading immortals of meluha "when is the second book coming in Hindi".
will recommend this book to every one even those who hate books like i use to, i m sure after reading this book u will agree with me that we were wrong and were missing something so gud.service of flip kart is always good , delivered the book in two days                                                              The book does not disappoint - it is as racy as the first part 'Immortals of Meluha'.
The story starts in Ayodhya and ends in Panchvati with lots of actions,suspense and intrigue set in between.
The usual suspects are proved to be bonafide and genuine folks while the so called straight people seem to be hiding a lot of secrets.
Good thing about the book is that it does not focus only on Shiva and Sati and the Naga characters have as such role as Shiva himself.Eagerly waiting for the final book 'Oath of Vayuputra' - hopefully it will be out in 2012.
Dear All,I read first part of Shiva Trilogy and got so fascinated that i read this part also in one shot.amazing
book....great work amish...eagerly waiting for third and last part....thanks and regards,Swanand Gogate                                                            Immortals of Meluha was the best and had several unanswered questions.
Secret of the Nagas answers most of it and keeps the reader wondering "What's next?"...A perfect sequel which was most awaited by every individual.Kali and Ganesh's revelation of past is highly commendable!!Don't miss!!! Highly recommended!!                            Its hardly believable how with such simplicity the author has managed to pick up where he left from!
Forget the simplicity, while you read you actually realise that the author has raised the bar.
Action packed!
But still all morals and emotions perfectly intact!!! Brilliant book!
Both the books of the triology are by far the best mythological fictions I have ever read!
Truly transformed my outlook towards the entire concept of man and God!
The story of Shiva and Sati is an inspiring one.
Amish has written the books in very simple language.
It has made me a firm believer in Lord Shiva and am eagerly awaiting the release of the third book.
As for flipkart, it is the best online store in my opinion.
I got the delivery in one day itself!
Cheers!
Would have given 10 stars if possible!
One of the best ever books I have read.
Excellently narrated, easily understandable and most important of all you cannot keep this book down.
When I finished this book it was 7 in the Morning.
To those who are in a dilemma in buying it - please don think twice.
If you don like this book - either you are from some other planet or you don know what a nice book is.P.S.Flipkart - You are not one of the best.
You are THE BEST:-)                                                             This book as its previous one was also awesome.
I actually liked reading them even though i'm not much of a reader.
Just curiously waiting for the next part which is said to be published late this December.
The Secret of the Nagas to me is a channel between the first and the last part of the trilogy , it unfolds the plot more revealing some radical secrets some of which are really surprisingly good while there are also some of which are predictable to an extent.
Never the less the second installment proves as enjoyable as the first part - Our hero Shiva and his beloved Sati and there is a dark secret that unfolds later..The book is fantastic and is a must read                                                            The second part of Shiva Trilogy is just as amazing or more than the first part, Immortals of Meluha.
You will love this if you love to see the mythological history of India is portrayed in a different manner.Just read, and you will feel it                                                            If u liked the First part you will like this one too, though this one wasn't as good as previous part but still very much enjoyable.This part has a lot of content in it and very well written too.
I felt at some parts it was turning out to be masala bollywood movie story but thank god it didn't.Also in first part though there were some technically wrong assumptions (Like Lord Ram was present before era of Lord Shiva) but it was very much believable but this part makes it all fiction work.But all the negatives aside, this is a very good book, a must read and I m looking forward for 3rd n last part too.
This book does not match the heights of "Immortals of Meluha" and tries more to make sense of the legends.
That makes story bit predictable.
Further, book scores lower than "... Meluha" on emotional quotient.My Reco- Do read the book.
You won't be disappointed.
i really liked the book.. it gives you new angle to think about the idols you pray.. without forcing you to accept the new image .. or continue thinking them what they are..The thing i want to appreciate the most is the way different connections have been build.. like ganesha.. kali..  i know all this would have needed a grand effort in storywriting and keeping in mind no loops are left open!awesome work Amish.. looking forward for ur third book!PS - i liked the 'dude' Shiva!
I did not have the slightest idea of the contents of the book before I read it.
But while reading the book it took me to a different world of mythology and fiction.
As Amish has rightly said in one of this interviews, this is a work of fiction based on some mythological characters.
The journey of the book keeps you enthralled.Some of the concepts in the book, like the Somras, the concept of Har Har Mahadev, etc. are very interesting and grabs your attention instantly.I STRONGLY recommend this book and I am sure no one would be disappointed by it.
I read the 1st two parts and am eagerly waiting for the 3rd one.
A perfect sequel to the immensely engrossing "The Immortals of Meluha," this book is the page-turning 2nd instalment of the Shiva Trilogy.
It leaves you hungering for the 3rd & final instalment ("The Oath of the Vayuputras")which, unfortunately, won't be released before December 2012.
Don't miss "The Secret of the Nagas," friends.
Amish has maintained the flow from the first book really well & leaves us wanting more.
Great work by Amish.
Looking forward for the third installment.
Maintaining the same pace, thrills and emotions, the second part does not fail to impress.
The story is even more twisted, bloody and gory for one that's derived from the Hindu mythology.
The characters that seemed to be in the first part, begins to reveal their true shades and throws the expected curve of the story from time to time and makes it quite unpredictable.
Loved this one too!
:)                                                            I would recommend everyone to read the book, the book creates a excitement in one's mind which is the driving force.
Bravo Amish.. Bravo..keep up the good work and waiting for the finale..oath of vayuputras!!                                                             my first order on flipkart and they are frighteningly efficient.....and not to mention the heavy discounts.....the book was a must buy after i had read the immortals.....its a completely page-turner and full of thrills and suspense......looking forward to the third part of the trilogy!!!!
If you are fresh into reading, read this.
If you are more of a vet read this for it's simplicity, will remind you of your kiddo days.
The writer has taken the liberty to play with mythology, then again it is after all mythology.
The book starts off well with the image of Shiva taking a deep drag of his chillum.
After that pretty much a racy Good Vs Evil story peppered with interesting anecdotes of an advanced society in the past.
threads of ancient myths joined artistically with those of newly thought.
not only entertaining but teaching the lessons of equality... it covers all aspects of an excellent book.shiva
exhibits honesty, integrity, modesty and intelligence.
A little more interesting than 'The Immortals of Meluha'.
But I think that is how it happens when the whole series has been thought of before starting writing.
Unlike the forced sequels which most often happen to be disappointing rather than interesting.But what I don't like about the author is that he ends the story too abruptly.
I don't think that's necessary to make the readers look for the next book in the series, for they would anyway do so if they really liked the book.
Secret of Naga is comparatively quicker read than "Meluha" but then its because the plot keeps you attracted to the book.
You will love to finish reading the book at one siting.
Many aspects of Indian Mythology have been depicted in comforatble and consumable manner for the India audience, who are now not aware of their own roots.Excellent read...waiting for the third book.
Awesome books- The Meluhans and The Nagas.
Its going to be the best trilogy in Indian writing,ever.
The eagerness that Mr. Amish creates in every page and the way the war and emotions are described,he has created the image of Siva in every readers mind as a real hero,down to earth.
After the reading of this trilogy,people will have the same image of Lord Siva and his family and friends,in the same way how Mr.Amish has imagined.
I would give this novel 3.5 but there is no option :(.
I am not spellbound by this fantasy novel as compared to other fantasy novel.
The pen portrait of anything/any person doesn’t allow you to hold on to the character or place for a long time.
It just runs smoothly.
You easily flip from first page to last page.
No sense of excitement while reading what would happen next except reading 'to be continued' at the end.
So if you want to grab something out of book shop for casual reading or light reading, I surely recommend this book but not for suspense or thrill lovers.
Simply too goodalthough i didnt buy from flipkart(which i very much regret)i found this book as amazing as the immortals of meluhaI just dont have enough words to describe itthere is excitement at every stageand also it left me spellbound as its prequel                                                             A brilliant sequel to the immortals of meluha.
Amish truly captures the essence of the readers in a fantastic manner.
This is not for mythological critics  as this is purely fiction/fantasy.
the way the book moves along different God figures and slowly carves them as humans and part of the story is truly commendable.Can't wait for the next book.... Well, a movie adaptation could also be a good option.Flipkart - You guys are Rockstars in your service \m/-                                                            Its about Lord Neelkanth and his blessings.
You will be fortunate if u get chance to read Shiva Triology in this life time.
Definitely Bholenath will accept u and will connect u to his soul.
Amish had said he doesnt want any1 to read his book, he just did cause he listened to the voice of his soul.
So ignore those negative review bullshit and just feel the Lord and his blessings.The Idol.
A wonderful book to read.
While u r reading u will encounter many turning points in the story which creates an urge to read further.
I swear u won't keep your book aside until u have finished reading this book.
Btw Flipkart delivered it in 3 days..                                                            I'm in love with this book ... I love this whole concept .. The two books i have read so far will remain as some of the best books i have ever read .. Hope the third part releases soon .. I'm dying to read it .. Amish tripathy is a legend ...
He is now my favourite author ... If i have to say about the shiva trilogy in one word , i'd say : AMAZING                                                             A nomad 4000 years ago now God.
Terrific, spellbinding, awesome novel.
I don't feel like keep it down.
Absorbing well told in simple easy language.
A novel with passion and true love delicately said bet Parvathy and Shiva.
Unexpected twists with emotional outbursts.
Thanks to Amish for a nice novel.Waiting for the 3rd and last part of the Trilogy.
What better way to understand God than by portraying Him/Her as a human?
A human with all his/her faults, passions, anger, love, feelings, urges,ambitions,regrets.....Amish Tripathi has brought Shiva and his family into my home and made them members of my immediate circle of every day contacts .. till I finished these books and came back to the present day from a few thousand years ago!!What a splendid way to eternalise God!!The flow of events, the simple language used, the story line and the clever weaving of History, Hinduism and fantasy has absolutely caught me attention.
I am eagerly awaiting the release of the third book in this series!!
The Secret of  The Nagas - sequel to the The Immortals of Meluha, is a very well written book.
Though the story does not have the same pace as the previous book.
But none-the-less, it makes the reader turn on to the next page and yearn for more.The philosophy is very smooth, subtle.
Easy to comprehend and ponder over for a while.
It was by good fortune that I had placed order for Book 1 & 2 together.
I picked up this one immediately on completing Book 1.Though this book has more action when compared to the first, I felt that the story was sluggish & didn't match up to the excitement I felt while reading Book 1. May be I raised my expectations a bit too much after the excellent read of Book 1!The story has ended at a very interesting turn & am waiting for the release of Book 3 - The Oath of Vayuputras.Thanks Amish, for this interesting take on Indian mythology.
When you read the book, you will find yourself in the same world.
So I must say that I haven't read the book, I just feel it.You will never ever feel alone while reading the book.
The story is so beautifully narrated.
The writer has wonderfully played with the words.
I love the thrill inside it.
Now  I am waiting for the next book of Shiva Trilogy.
I must confess that I love fantasy and fiction.
Tha't why I adore HP series, LOR series and many more.
I had heard about the shiva triology and also seen the books with interesting cover pages on bookshops, but never thought to give it a try.My friend recommended this series to me and I also read the reviews on flipkart, I decided to read them.The secret of Nagas has it's own flavour of action + philosophy, It has very large canvas, number of different characters.
A definite page turner.
Shiva aka Lord Neelkanth, has a dilemma in deciding on what is evil and what is good.
Prejudice assumption hurting his judgement and that is After understanding the civilisations of Suryvanshis and chandravanshis.The feeling of vengence against Nagas is increased, but to hunt them Shiva and all his team must travel across rivers, cross the borders of nations, involve in warfare with bandits.
This has surprices to readers as well, don;t miss them.
:-)In the end, Book reveals what is the secret of Nagas.In both these books, beautiful descriptions of places, detailing is good.
I found the discussion between , Shiva and Vasudeva Pandits very great as philosphy is explained in simple words.The discussions between Kings of Meluha And Swadeepas, with Maharshi Bhrigu add the excitment as it depects the secrecy/conspirecy.On con side, these both books are not for the people who expect some classic like novels.
People who like to read facts and only judge books contents based on some fundamentals, will find these books as bogus.For me, as a beginner, Amish has done great job.I ordered both the books from Flipkart and they delivered within one day :-) Flipkart rocks.
The first book in the series was probably the worst piece of literature I have seen in a while.
While the premise seemed interesting, the execution was so bad, I found myself reading out parts after every few lines in disgust to my worst enemies.
Why should I suffer alone?The author makes Shiva's thought process sound like a teenage american girl's.
The plot is as thin as onion peel.
The characters are shallow and predictable, the language is laughable and the love story is uninspiring.
I sold my copy to a second hand book dealer the day after I bought it.
I pity the person who pays money for it next.
I'm new to Indian Authors.
The book is a good read with nice twists in it, though there are also some areas where its a bit dragging.
One thing about the reviews here is that if you go thru few of them u mite not need to read this book.
The spoilers will kill the twists.
So be careful!
The book is as gripping as the first.
Amish Tripathi's style of writing is commendable.
I've read many books by Indian authors but The Secret Of The Nagas is a complete page-turner.
Cant wait for the release of the third book!Also Flipkart is amazing when it comes to delivery.
The Author's signed book was delivered to me within 24 hours.
I should say I was thoroughly disappointed with this book.
Even with all its flaws, I kind of liked his first book (Meluha) because of the novelty of his idea.
But in this one, I am not sure what he was trying to achieve.
In his effort to bring in many myths together, he totally lost his way and had a tough time in making up a story.
I had pre-ordered this book and have not decided not to spend any more money for his third book.
Quite unfortunate.
This is something that's going to keep you engaged till the last line.
The writing is superb and simple, you can realize what ever is mentioned in the book happening infront of your eyes as you continue reading... its been months that i finished the book.
but the visualization of Shiva fighting nagas is still with me.Eagerly waiting for the part 3 - vayuputra...                                 Amish has written the books well.The second book is as thrilling as the first one.A great book about the great lord shiva.Enjoyed reading thoroughly.
Eagerly waiting for the final book of the trilogy.Great Service from flipkart and speedy delivery.
A mind blowing attempt.
I find it really hard to put the book down intill finished reading.
And when i finished reading it i felt a little sad that i had to wait for a long time to get next book of Shiva trilogy!!                                                             Just as captivating was Immortals of Meluha, Secret of Nagas is pretty interesting read.
The book weaves mythology creatively with fiction, more of fiction maybe.
Well paced and gripping.
The concept is not only interesting but well dealt with.
Enjoyed reading it!
I already the secret of nagas book ready when I completed The Immortals of Meluha and hence I neednt wait to start reading this one.
The book in its own individually is a nice read, but the first part was better and it set a high expectation.
The secret was not too well guarded and turned out as per assumption while reading the book.
Anyhow it was pleasant end and now eagerly waiting for third part.
Hope to read it soon.
u have to read it to believe it...havent read such an intoxicating and enchanting piece in ages..dying to find out what happens next...bravo amish..both the novels capture your attention n u wud want to leave evrythn else just to read it...
Recently completed The Immortals of Meluha and The Secret Of Nagas.The writer has gradually improved from the first book to it's sequel.
Both the parts gave a very different dimension to the mythology, with an amazing mix of science, history and spirituality.
Definitely entertaining.
Will eagerly wait for the Volume 3.Thanks to Flipkart for on time delivery, as they always do.
Keep it up!!
One of the best books I've read!
Amish is truly promising.
The romance between Shiva and Sati is wonderful!
Totally this book is a mixture of Action, romance and drama.
I still wonder how Amish managed to create a story in mythology, that is, something we already know.
Truly amazing.
Reading The Secret of the Nagas now.
Amish has done a credible job on being one of those few Indian authors who could think of a story that can last for 3 books.
The 2nd installment of this trilogy has its highs and lows.
The concept, storyline and characters are engaging.
But the area where Amish is fairly inconsistent is its narrative, which become very ameteurish at times.
The chapter where Sati meets and the Ganesh's secret is revelaed is a complete cliche bollywood masala...
I was just shaking my head in dismay.
While there are times where Amish shows tremendous potential to be a terrific thriller writer.
Shiva's face off with Parshuram stirs things up and suddenly you're in the drivers seat ready for the ride.Nevertheless the book is a good read if you are looking for some bollywood style entertainment.
But the hopes are that Amish will improve and accomplish himself as a much better writer unlike Chetan Bhagat, who is down the drain and now only writes so that his movies can be adapted into Bollywood masala.
Must Read....The story is catchy .
you dont feel bored infact restless till you dont read the last page of the book.Amish tripathi- You rock, Very different story with all the unexpecetd turns and twist:)Worth a Buy:)                                                            First off, hats off to Flipkart for delivering the book in 1 day.
Ordered early morning on Friday, before I could call them on Saturday - the book was delivered.Now for the contents of the book itself.
I found the first book, the Immortals of Meluha very lacking in writing style and grammar.
The second book, Secret of the Nagas, improves on the writing style quite a bit, but the lack of perfect grammar (punctuation, included) is still evident.Amish Tripathi has some ways to go before he can be considered an equal with modern fiction-fantasy writers.
P.S-this is a fiction based novel,so dont compare it with sacred books like "GITA" "Ramayan".if
u have read immortals of meluha,then u should buy this for sure.its a great read.a
mixture of mythology+thrill.cheers to amish.he is really on his way to become paulo coelho of the east.
Was waiting for flipkart to deliver this book and completed it as soon as i got it delivered.The sequel is an interesting read than the first part except for unnecessary italisations!A lot of mysteries unravelled and lets you think that no one in this world is trust worthy and Shiva has his own experiences.
Amish tripathi has continued his effective story telling in this second book of shiva trilogy too, with very good narration and attractive explanation of the events unfolding.
If you like the first book then you sure will like the second book too [though you may guess certain events in this book].
Im Eagerly waiting for the third book!!!                                                            something which we all felt after reading "the immortals of Meluha" is that it is very illogical that shiva came after Lord Ram.But it has been well clarified by the author that incarnation of Mahadev and Vishnu have been their....so the last mahadev i.e.
Lord Rudra was the one whom even lord Ram used to worship.
I feel that story is well written so that reader doesn't loose interest.Mr.
Amish made me believe the unreal.And friends after all its a fiction,don't find to much logic.....just savor it.
These are my personal views and they may differ for different individuals.
Got my order in just 24 hrs.
....that's indeed fantastic.Immortals was all about Mehula ..but this one explores the Swadweep ... that means more adventures.Shiva's platoon now consisting more people is unbeatable.As the title of the book indicates ..SECRETS ...yes there are secrets which kept me spellbound !!Readers should go for this book ..with the price Flipkart is offering.Eagerly waiting for the third book The Oath Of The Vayuputras !Thanks Regards                                                            Awesome sequel to The Immortals of Meluha!
Will be eagerly awaiting the next and the final book of this trilogy1 Awesome read, mixes mythology and imagination too well and conveys the underlying message effectively!
Go for it!
Must read book.
If you liked Immortals of Meluha then this book is going to leave you spell bound.
It builds its story upon the Immortals.. and take it to a higher and grander scale.
Highly entertaining.
Go Go go for it.Flipkart delivery is as usual superb..on time.
i cant stop my eagerness...i am waiting for the Third....!!!!!the twists in the second part take u to a high pace...!!!!!u wont stop once u start..!!!!and flipkart was amazing....!!!!!!order something u get it in hours count with a nice packing....!!!!!                                Finished sec part of Shiva trilogy....though the cities described in "The Immortals of Meluha" was too modern to be 1900 BC, but the unique  idea of how a simple man Shiva became the Mahadev make me order the second part.
Second part "The Secret Of The Nagas" is a perfect script for hindi movie..full on masala and romance.
very common romantic dialogues.
Hope third part will be better than the second.
The characters of the book are from the mythology but the roles they play in this book is completely different from the mythology and overall the book is pretty good.
The writing, the ideas, the action just keeps you spell bound.There are action scenes on almost every next page ......
A fab book overall                                                             Rule of thumb: Avoid period drama/action books if the characters in it say 'ditto'.The idea behind the book is unique and if written by an experienced writer, would probably have turned out great.
The writing is very amateurish and doesn't give the feeling that the story occurred in another time.
I get a feeling that the author hasn't read many other books within his genre.
Having said that, its a great book for people who are beginners in the world of fantasy and haven't yet matured to the level of books like 'The Lord Of The Rings', 'The Wheel of Time', 'The Northern Lights' or even 'Discworld'.
It is a good read but the author seems to lost touch as he introduces more characters.
It has many thrilling parts but becomes a tad too long sometimes.
One will enjoy it but expectations should be kept low in lines of the Immortals of Meluha.
You hardly come across works of fiction with philosophy, thrill and amazement.
This is one.
You may predict the story but that will never stop you from reading this book.
Amish has done his magic with his pen..
He placed the story well, laid down a good plot.
I found it difficult to stop reading at various parts of the book.
Eagerly waiting for the third book to come out;.........
The secret of the NagasAuthor: Amish TripatiPublished by: Westland ltd.ISBN: 978-93-80658-79-7The second in the trilogy promised by Amish, I have not the read the first one, but this has inspired me to read it.
Believe me I regret reading the Immortals of Meluha it is a spoiler to this book.Calling an amarachitra katha induced thriller is also belittling the authorâs craft.
Though I guess that is the nearest identification that our generation that grew on amarchitra katha can give it.Amish has beautifully demystified the mythology making it very interesting.
If I were to call it a mythological thriller I would be ignoring the imparting of philosophy.There are small notables like the opposite of love is not hate but apathy.Though the IIM Alumnus has done a bit more homework this time round his lack of knowledge or deficiency in adaption comes through.!.Till few years before Kautilya the education was vocational oriented, and the guru-kula kind of system.
so question of village schools did not arise.2.Kshatriya women marrying Brahmans, was acceptable but not the other way round.Looking forward to reading the last book on this triology.ABOUT THE AUTHOR Amish Tripati an alumnus of IIM quit corporate world to write the triology.
I  guess its me to be blamed for reading this book after going through the harry potter series.
The level of finesse and the quality of writing some how felt substandard.
I could not enjoy the book and there is senseless violence for no reason.
There is too much happening and it feels like playing a first shooter video game where monsters are lurking from every corner.
I have not yet finished the book and I don't suppose I will be returning to this book.
Finally, would I recommend this book to any one, I guess I won't.
If any one ask me the question which is the worst book you come across, I definitely will mention this book.
I did not understand what is the secret in this book, even though the title mentions it.
It is better if you go for Chanakya's Chant then this book, at least you will not repent for the money spent.
beautifully written!!!!!!!!!it takes u in a flow....nd u feel a part of tis amazing journey...the characters r depictd so wonderfully tat... u will feel the existence of tis....must read the 2nd and 3rd part also as it takes u more deeply into an exciting journey with the "neelkanth" itself!!!!!!!!!!
I read this book after a lot of people reccommending it to me.But personally i was not at all happy with the book.
The Immortals of Meluha was better than this book.
Secrets of the Nagas is full of "BOLLYWOOD" type filmy dialogues.Story just heads nowhere.
Brahaspati twist is very predictable.
I would tell all readers to borrow it from some library or a friend.
THIS BOOK IS WRITTEN VERY NICELY AND THE LANGUAGE IS VERY UNDERSTANDABLE AND NO HARD WORKS ARE USED IN THIS BOOK.
YOU CAN EASILY UNDERSTAND THE STORY AND CREATE A VISUAL STORY THROUGH THE WORDS OF THE WRITTER.
THREE CHEERS FOR THE WRITTER                                                            Highly predictable?
Yes, 'coz when you read this, your brain fires up to relate the scenes, characters, next steps, etc from movies such as the Avatar, clash of the titans, snippets from vikram and bethal, mahabhratha, and a lot more.
In short, this book is interesting as it falls in line with the likes of highly entertaining hollywood/bollywood/kollywood sort of movies.
Super masala, mixed with mythical characters that just doesn't make sense at all.
Fast action and good readability (without complicated terms or phrases) makes this book click!
Also, The Secret of the Nagas is slightly fast when compared to The Immortals of Meluha.
the new dimension of shiva's emergence is intelligently and logically written.
Awsome book for all kind of readers.
It has love, hatred, compassion, loyalty, disgrace, and every other feeling.
must read.
The story is interesting.
The spiritual concepts are explained in a neat way.
It's purely fiction.
But not as informative as The DaVince code, Angels and demons, The Lost Symbol.A page turner and can be used for time pass.worth the money.
Good to see Indian authors coming with creative stories.
Keep Going Amish..And Good Job Flipkart                                                            Though many people would question this book on its coherence with the original mythology of Shiva...
The book on its own accord will inculcate a hell of a respect for the ethics of being a great man!!This book is just not a fiction, it has a perfect blend of mythology,philosophy,romance,action,suspense,thrill and what not.
The conversation of Shiva with The Vasudevs would make you read them slowly and carefully, The romantic epilogue between Shiva and Sati would make you have goosebumps, The action sequences would let you sit up in excitement.
The soliquouy of Shiva would let you understand what it takes to be the MAN!!Must read for everyone.. U won't stop turning pages unless you finish it.
Way to go....this sequel is surely set to keep you spellbound.
A perfect plot depicted by the author.
A great journey through the forests and rivers of ancient India, it actually feels that you are on a journey with Lord Shiva.
Just cant wait for the Third book..
I piked this book up as soon as it was released,  didn't know what to expect though I was eagerly waiting for it.
Let me say that I was not at all disappointed.
It was absolutely worth the wait.
Read it only if you have read the first book.
Happy Reading.
I never thought that an Indian Author would be able to write an Thriller/mystery friction,The book is awesome I enjoyed each n every page.Each chapter is filled with suspense,twists......I really enjoyed reading it.its
a must read.I will go with 5 star rating.
demands a vocabulary better than mine.i
really enjoyed it with dictionary in other hand.---Your
Karma decides who you are and how you'll be recognized by coming generations.
Your Karma can even make you God of Gods.---Shivatrilogy = unforgettable storyIts a must read.
After reading "Immortals..." couldnt wait to finish reading the second one.
And I must say the author has done justice with the sequel.
The suspense is great and storyline gets thrilling as chapters proceed.
Truth is far than what eyes sees, ears hear...Good and evil coexist since they are two sides of a coin...are few morals dawning on the readers.
The language is easy, great combination of action and sentiments been expressed impressively.
I enjoyed it thoroughly and am waiting for the final part.
Go ahead and get a copy and to enjoy this one make sure u have a copy of the first part also..                                                            friends!!i find this book truly fascinating..hats off to Mr. Amish for his imaginative thinking..this books leads to a journey of secrets with every turn of the page,,truly speaking one should not mix up with religious beliefs..truly fictional..great work by the writer..enjoy reading:)                                                            Immortals of Meluha wrote a new chapter in Indian fiction writing and left us wanting for more.
The Secret of Nagas will quench your thirst for the adventure you were a part of from the first book.
You dont know who is bad, who is evil...superbly written sequel..I am eagerly waiting for the last book of this trilogy.
Sequel to the "Immortals of The Meluhaa" this book is fascinating.From the 1st page of the Ist book to the last page of this book, it keeps spell bound.There r many events in our mythology related to Lord Rama, Shiva, Ganesh.............. which one cannot know.
entirely.And this book has just taken the concept of our mythology and is not a refrence.So plz read this book, but do not compare it with the events of mythology.It has shown mythology in it's own way and own beauty.
Got it within 2 days, excellent condition, excellent packaging.Started with the journey to secret of nagas, I know this book is also going to be as good as the first one.Must read for all type of readers.
Amish has done a excellent jobs.
Eagerly waiting for the Oath of VayuputrasFlipkart: Keep up the good work !
Yes.
The Immortals of Meluha and The Secret of Nagas are the best two books I have read till now.
The twists and turns in this book will make you go crazy.
The books are full of surprises.Don't think twice.
Just go for it.I am eagerly waiting for the third part "The Oath of Vayuputras" and the movie that will be based on "The Immortals of Meluha".
The secret of nagas , sequel to immortals of Meluha is a magnificient work shown by Amish .
The first book didnot surprise me so much as this one and after completing the second book ,I started appreciating the first book too.
The first episode which made me hate Nagas , with this one I fell in love with them .
It is written in such a wonderful and innovative ways.
Wow !
Eagerly waiting for the third part.
There are very few books that will make you feel one with the characters and emote you along with them.
This is one of them.
I really credit the author for doing this, especially considering that the characters in the book are considered gods in today's world.
Hence to be able to connect to them in any way other than spiritual, fear or apathy is fascinating.
To read about their anger, weaknesses, love and care for their family makes you feel like a god as well!
This series by Amish, takes on the popular notion that gods might have once been brave and just kings whose legends might have given later generations an impression that they were immortal and invincible.
They were gods.The sudden surge of excitement and jolt you get when some of our present day gods are introduced through some historic or perfectly logical assumptions made by the author is absolutely delightful.
These are flashes of brilliance that increases the confidence you have in the author and the thought process that has gone into making this book.
However, like Shiva, Amish also has a few shortcomings.
With some gap between the two books and so many characters, a glossary of characters could have helped a new reader or even few older ones.
Again the ending in this book is also nerve wrecking, to an extent even abrupt.
The ending could have been a little smoother given that the surprise of such an ending has been experienced in the older book already.
Also some of the sequences can feel too dramatic/cinematic.
But all is fair in love and war ;)To sum it up, whether you are a theist or an atheist, Shivaite or Vaishnavite, this book is a must read for the sheer joy and excitement that it packs in it.
Finally, a worthy rival to all the western bestsellers that are US propaganda of how to save the world.
Only this one is different than the others in a very Indian way, serving the Indian twist with a knock out punch.
Go for it!
It's an absolutely much awaited for sequel,starts off from where the first one ends.
From fast paced chases to action packed fight sequences to the adrenaline pumped slaying of the man eaters,the story takes us throughout the breadth of INDIA,through treacherous mountains of the west to the beautiful mangrove forests of the east,the whole story just blows you off.Interesting alliances are formed and strange truths & facts are unveiled,the best one being the last SECRET OF ALL SECRETS.It just leaves you craving for more.can't
wait for the THE OATH OF THE VAYUPUTRAS                                                            I read it with continuation to the Meluha and liked it.BUt even though the book is a good read it is not unputdownable.
Very imaginative i would say,total fiction.But even it ddint amaze me still i cant wait for the next..just that Amish used that...'to be continued'..at the end that has completely hooked me.
SMART MOVE!!                                                            Amazing read!!! Fabulous!!!
No words to describe...With the essence of richest culture in the world, the travel of Shiva towards south..It leaves the reader spell bound..i liked this even over immortals of meluha...and now i just cant wait for the last part...oath of vayuputras..
If you have read Immortals of Meluha, there is no chance you can give this book a skip.
There are lots of twists and turns, some of which are predictable however writing keeps you glued to the book.
I finished it in just one night !! Eagerly waiting for the Oath of Vayuputras !!!                                                            Beautiful book and very interesting.... i read this book almost in 2 days...  as it keeps us sticked with the book......  Amish great writing... both books are truely great to reat a feast to pearson fond ofreading....waiting for the third book ....                                                            I've had a long running feud with sequels.
Somehow most of them just fall short of the first one in terms of quality.
The Secret Of The Nagas however scored a brownie point for sequels as far as my personal opinion is concerned.
This instalment of the trilogy was bigger and better, Mr Tripathi seems to have ironed out a few flaws which were pretty much evident in the first installment.
They have outdone the previous installment as far as thrills are concerned right from the cover page.It's pacy and light hearted, recommended to those who like Mythology (No, i'm not claiming to be a scholar on mythology) with a twist.
I was extremely excited for the 2nd part of Shiva Trilogy and even pre-ordered this book.
But unfortunately it just didnt live to my expectations.
Either it was too patchy not it was too worked up in few chapters... Comparatively, Immortals of Meluha, was a rocker and I loved every bit of it...
It was a huge canvas for me... Nevertheless, I will still keep waiting for the 3rd and final chapter, Oath of Vayuputras as I really love Shiva for the way he is... Raw... Original... Rusty... Amazing!
The day i completed Meluha , i ordered this.
This book is even beeter then the first.
Now i am desperately waiting for the third, which will release by 2012 end.
Just love the way Amish writes (you don't have to pick a dictionary), which allows a wider spectrum for his books like Chetan Bhagat.For flipkart i order all my novels from here and they had already become india's no. 1 online store(but sad that the free home delivey got a asterick sign - only 200/- order or more)                                I bought this book from Flipkart couple of weeks ago and found time to read it only yesterday.
And I've only one word to describe it.
Awesome.
Amish has done a good work with the book, and this is even better than the first book of the trilogy,Immortals of Meluha.
A must for all the Fiction lovers                                                            Good enough, but mildly disappointing.
One was hoping that the writing style of Amish will mature over time but he has disappointed in that.
The storyline is good enough though.
The writer should focus more on character building, especially in a long series, rather than just on the events.
Hope to see better from him in the next episode.
This is a nice sequel to the first book.
Mr. Amish maintained the pace of the strong suspense in each scene and carried the urge for the next page throughout the narration.An unique idea... what-if Lord Shiva was just a common man?..!!Good choice to those who has interest in hybridisation of mythology and ancient history with little bit of science.Now awaiting the third book... "The Oath of Vayuputhras.."Karteek                                                            Kudos to the author for improving on the first part.
You relate to the protagonist and the doubts he faces.
Beautifully scripted.I am sure the next one will be even better as the author ties all the ends together.
HE has written it beautifully ... i would say "THE IMMORTALS OF MELUHA" was just a trailer ... and "SECRET OF NAGAS" is just the book that was needed to follow it...he is on the road of becoming one of the best in fiction writing and keeping the fire on...can't wait for the last one...                                Oh my god.. i mean oh .. my.. godd!!!!!!!! reading this book was really a thrill for me , i was totally lost in this book that i finished it in 8 hours.
excellent detailing of floating jungle, ganesha, anandmayi.. wow!!! once u started reading u can not quit...                                                            Great book with a great story..now waiting for the third book in shiva triology...India should have water transport like it had in those days.Nice thoughtful story, a masterpiece.A must have in your collections.SHIVA ROCKS.HAR HAR MAHADEV....
This book is very entertaining but we should not consider it as our prime mythology.
Its only a piece of fiction.
The writer used his imagination to create a Bollywood style story revolving around our gods and goddess.
Bholenath neither has any beginning nor any end.
He is Mahadeva.
Above all gods.
I bow before Bholenath.
I had my expectations high so a bit disappointed.
Not bad overall, rather quite good.
It would be nice as a movie but as a book it makes me bore sometimes.
Could have been less lengthy.
At a point I was feeling like I am watching a saas-bahu serial.
All those serials start with some interesting point of view and then ends up at regular common serial pattern.
But it was good to read and of course I liked the humanization of "Shiva."
Wont say a must buy but paisa vasool.
I you have ever read aany half decent book, then you would want to kill the man who wrote this piece of crap.
No wonder Karan Johar has bought the rights for this story.
Most unimaginative, cliched scenes copied from bollywood.
Irritating American slangs.
I read first 100 pages of this book, but our time is too precious to waste on such crap.
Absolutely no research at all, the details of that civilization are no more than what they teach in middle school.It breaks my heart to see people praising and recommending this book.
Please mankind read Lord of the Rings instead.
I loved the book...its fast paced..interestingly written..engaging..a must read...once I started it was difficult to put it down.I already have my hands on its second part which is equally interesting and cant wait for the arrival of the third.:)
Its not that I m frowned with the book, but this is the most used word in the book.
In almost every page this word appears.
The sequel progresses good, but in the wait of secrets you almost get impatient to know it, it pushes you to the last page to know it.... and it makes an impressive exit to wait for the 3rd book.
At one point I felt too many twists to handle, but lets see how 3rd book comes out to be.
Being a Lord Ganesha devotee, dint like the concept that has been put in the book but.
Absolutely entertaining.
Written in a crisp & lucid manner.
Keeps you engaged throughout the book.
Enjoyed the book thoroughly although some descriptions of the duels I found a bit boring.
Makes u eager for more of the story.
I'm thirsty for oath of the vayuputras.
This part of trilogy manage to measure upto the expectation of the readers which was raised very high by the first installment of this series.
I am very eagerly waiting for the last part of this thrilling series.
The Secret Of Nagas by Amish Tripathi ,significantly implies the glorius history of India.Ign India natural creature are worshiped as god and from among them Naga has a tremendous impact on people as symbol of god.
Amish had written both the sequel wonderfully.
he had wonderfully mixed Culture, History and with well written story.
things like life style of Chandravansis and Suryavansis had been explained beautifully.. Overall its a must read book.Desperately waiting for the final sequel.
I am a writer.
And more than that I am a voracious reader.
These two statements give me the qualification to make this statement: This book and its prequel are the best books I've read so far.
If only I meet Amish Tripathi in person I'd love to touch his feet and seek his blessings.
If you miss this book it's only because of your past karma.
It is a good sequel to an amazing book.
Love the way the story moves from one end of India to the other end and then down south.
The political strategies and secrets come out in this book.
Waiting eagerly for the last book.
The book 2 in Shiva Trilogy is very interesting.
It gave an insight into how one can interpret a situation in multiple ways.
The author has not changed the roles of the characters from the puranas but gave a different way of looking at situations in life.
But the release of the 3rd in the Trilogy is getting delayed too much.
"The secret of the Nagas" is very much addictive i must say.I was just glued to the book till i completed it and now am looking forward for the next release.It's very much entertaining all the way through.I don't want to discuss further more cause it would be best to feel the enthusiasm by reading by yourself.My sincere request to "Amish" please try to release the next part as soon as possible.
The second of the trilogy, is even better, and this time has an emotional outlook to it too, the plot getting even racier, and the secrets and the lies and the manipulations, the half finished sentences, the apt breaks, the chapter switches, all of them making you pull your hair, come out and just spill the beans, tell me, tell me, what is the secret of the nagas?Shiv is volatile, angry, furious and confused.
And well for spoilers, we are not the only ones who are fooled, the smart ones have played with the God too.
And the secret is the last word of the book.A brilliant and very well timed, amazingly sentenced climax!
Okay goofs aside this is a lovely story, I am eagerly awaiting the last installment.
What makes this book brilliant is that it presents such a fluid and logical representation of the Indian mythology that you actually can help but think, is this actually fiction?About the author, he is a great story teller and not yet a writer.
The English is rather elementary and at points he seems to have substituted very colloquial phrases where the story could have been more elaborately portrayed.
All that aside, it still is a brilliant book and I back it 100%                                                            I was really excited to read the second installment of this series.
When I started reading this, I really expected more.
But the story that is the journey of Shiva really seemed pointless to me.
A secret is revealed at the end of the book.
Why didnt the naga told that to Shiva instead of going through so much trouble.But the series is really great and I am eagerly waiting for the third book.
The first half of the story had scintillating speed and definitely had a effect of a master story teller.
But the later part was easily predictable and did not capture my attention and I was just flipping through pages.
I don't know what the author has planned to do with parasuram character, if that character doesn't have a role in the sequel, I would rather say Amish has just added pages to get the required volume.
If the naga's revelation had been much more towards the end of the novel it would have better, which made the novel dull at the end.
Hail Amish for the perfect sync between the real epic and the story.
The engaging story of the first book which made me keep on reading the book is missing in this book.
This book has a pretty mediocre story.
The book becomes boring during the middle and drags the bad story line towards the end.
I had high expectations from this book but this book doesn't deliver the fun and excitement the first book delivered.
This book is not as satisfying.
This book was much more interesting than the first one ...
More twists and turns in the story ... Good work by the author .Now eagerly waiting for the 3rd and last book of this series.
and makes you want to kill your anxiety at the end, because the third and final installment of the series - The Oath of Vayuputras, is yet to be released!Also, if the first book was 100, this second one is ~85% in terms of quality of writing and the intrigue of reading which gets generated.
Its an absolute must read for any "mythological fiction" reader.
The ability to relate to God as a mere human with focused powers is where the creativity comes out.
Eagerly waiting for the final book on the triology.
It is a good and absorbing novel which makes you wonder if this is real or Fiction as these has been linked with basic Hindu Mythology.
However Amish has made loads of assumptions in like  Maika System and other stories twinned around in many places with less related facts similar to Da Vinci code.Good attempt and a great read!!Waiting for the third part to be released!!
I have read this book and I was feeling a thrill when I read this.
Thanks for writer Amish Tripathi who wrote and bring this book to viewers and readers.
I am waiting for 3rd book of TrilogySatayjit                                                            i read this novel with a simple assumption that this one is a pure fiction.
and i dont want to link any mythology or historical facts to this novel.indeed,
it is very entertaining and convincing the readers.
though it is fiction, i felt the author missed some of the logical things while writing.
for example, when Shiva traveled to Branga (name came by merging BRAhmaputra and gaNGA, Nagas were also traveled to find out Sati but after much time Shiva started.
according to map, the author has given in the book, Branga is in between Naga's home and Kashi but Naga's reached at the same time Shiva reached Branga.
im not saying it is weird or something, but the thing is author missed some of the facts.
again it is indeed a good novel to read in recent times by an Indian author.
i can say far better than chetans shit.
you can easily go for it,and worth for your every single penny.
I won't debate the historical relevance of this story.
I buy it as just a story, not a granth.Having said that, the story goes all too easy for Shiva.
In the end of the last book, he won the battle in a single day, an one strike.
I mean, archers apart, an army of million was defeated in just one battle.
That's not how wars work.
Armies retreat, regroup, reorganize, restrategies and just idle around between fight.
No emperor keeps fighting a losing battle.
That's the whole point of retreating, not rnning away, but figuring out why they're losing and re-strategising.Also, don't Chandravanshi's accept Suryavanshi's a little too easily.
I mean no assasination attempts, no snide remarks, no cold disdain.
Everybody just pretens like the war didn't happen, and  they didn't hate Merluhans ever.Still beats Rev 2020 though                                                            great book...loved reading it..it rises your hunger to turn the page as soon as possible.I guess 2 days is all you ll need to complete the book.you
might find the startin pages a little bit slow but then story picks up the pace and brings a die hard intrest..A grt one by AMISH                                                            This book follows the same style as The Immortals of Meluha.
I felt it was paced a little faster though.
As before, it is a very easy read, no complications and a pretty straight forward, predictable story, especially for those who know the mythology and philosophy behind it.At times, the story is a little rushed and Amish could have taken his time to slow down the pace now and then.
A little more development of the supporting characters would have made it a more interesting read (Paravateshwar and Anandamayi for example).Overall a light and fun read.
Must read but only after reading Immortals of Melhua...gr8 job Amish!!Had never thought mythological fiction can get so interesting even for an atheist.Keeps you bound throughout..eagerly waiting for part III.
I have read Immortals of Meluha before pitching in into this book ... Few things to like about this book is the way he depicted Kali and Lord Ganesha ... But personally, Dolphins swimming in Brahmaputra river and Alu(Aloo) Paratha as meal are nothing but exaggeration ... Overall a decent book written in plain English ... !!!                                                            Its hard to keep down the book once you start reading it.
Its quite pacy, and cleverly uses the indian mythology elements.
I sense the third book is going to link everything to Shivas past as well.
However, I think the book will remain as a pure fiction - rather than taking it to the next level - like Da Vinci's Code - Where one really starts to question the myths!
But all in all, Awesome book.
Would defintely recommend this!
The immortals of meluha was something.
The secret of Nagas was a tad bit disappointing.
It was like the run of mill action sequence which conveyed the immediate 3 pages on reading on the first page.
It was engrossing no doubt, but it wasn't entirely something new.
I would have managed all this and taken it up in good stride, excepting the fact that the end of the book ruined the whole story.
It was too abrupt and left little for thought on who was the final villain in all this.
I recently completed reading The Secret Of The Nagas and The Immortals Of Meluha and after finishing I was left awestruck, each page unpredictable, action replete and yet subtle and easily comprehensive for standard use of the language English.
The interest it creates is infectious and I was unable to think of anything else until I had completely finished it, right from the start including the preface and stuff to the end of glossary.
A must read good books.
Both are great and I would recommend it for anyone with interest in reading.
Eagarly looking forward to the final part.
I bought this book for my sis and she absolutely loved it, It fact she loved it so much that she said that "the climax is keeping her restless...."Hey Amsih Tripati, bring out the next book soon, dont keep my sis waiting for your book man..
After reading the first installment I did not wait long to get the second power dosage of the trilogy.
Fast, exciting, adventurous.
The language is simple and lucid.
The twists and turns add more eagerness to read on.
Eagerly waiting for the final installment.
catchy.. cant keep the book down untill i finished.. though Shiva's story is not exactly the same as that described in Purana's, Amish has used the characters really well with his fiction!
Narration amazing and I really liked the philosophy of Good Vs Evil and 'Religious or Social Rules and their implications'.. he has also tried to capture the various parts of ancient India and it geography very well.Desperately waiting for the third book now! :-) Keep it up Amish.
There could be technical flaws if you are going through each and every reference of Indian mythology but the way author has narrated the story is sheer magic.
And it is not just the story but simplicity in which societies (socialist and free trade) are explained.
I also like the ultimate truth about the rules.
The rules are made by human for the benefit of human being.
If we become hostage to the rules that it starts affecting our happiness then that rule becomes obsolete.
It need to be abolished                                                             Reading mythological books is very interesting and i have read many such books but this particular book has made me get more interest in mythology.I await for the third book by Amish Tripathi.
The book consists of too many characters so i request the author to reduce the number of characters used in the story                                                            I was marvelled by the smooth flow of the series(story) .
The twists appeared at the right time, when your mind would question about a missing character..I am absolutely thrilled to have read this book, which actually hooked me on to it, like an addictive comic book .I jus couldn't free my thoughts from it until i Finished reading both the books..Amish has done complete justice to the Story of lord Shiva..I feel that the youngsters will get to know a lot of the legend thro these book's ,as it is depicted in a captivating manner, to capture the attention of young readers too.Thanks to Flipkart for having made the book avilable for the online buyers..                                                            Blahhhh compared to the first part... clearly shows amish had to struggle a bit to get the story going ... I loved the first part in the trilogy.
good fiction, not to be confused with or treated as what our scriptures depict.
After a long time I read two books back to back in a span of 7 days!
Amish Tripathi has truly woven magic in the two books.
Both a brilliant amalgamation of Philosophy, Mythology and History!
A wonderful way to introduce Shiva to the gen-next.
His journey in search for evil is philosophically revealing.
Eagerly waiting for the third part of the Shiv Trilogy, 'The oath of the Vaayuputras'.Har!
Har! Mahadev!
This is a extremely well written book and keeps the readers interest going.
It just took me 2 days to finish this book, was reading till the wee hours in morning and even at work.A MUST read for all mythology and fiction lovers.
Now waiting for the 3rd part of the trilogy.
Only to say its speechless........awaiting eagerly for Oath of Vayuputras......very much important thing is...This 2 books of shiva triology......MELUHA & THE SECRET OF NAGAS....... TAUGHT ME LIFE...!!!!!!
One of the best books of ALL TIMES.
I have recommended it to all my friends.
What's more after reading the books, they have gone ahead and bought their own set.
Speaks volumes.
The book is fast paced and has given a new perspective of GOD.
The fear that one associates with God has been totally wiped out.
Makes God more endearing!
I can't wait any longer for the next book.
I would like to be updated with the date of release of the next book.
I am a great devotee of Lord Shiva and would like to keep reading these kind of books.
Thought you have to read the First Part of the trilogy to understand the book, its a must read.
Amish has added some drama, thrill, religion, culture and a little topping of romance in his books and I feel its a must read!
The Flipkart delivery system was as usual flawless and received the book after two days.
The story now revolves around Shiva's involvement with the Naga's and a very surprising ending.
The Revealing of many secrets of The Meluhan King and The Swadweepan Empire.
Hope you found this review helpful.
:)                                                            Why read this book when you have more detailed and non-fictional books (Hindu Books/Puranas/Vedas) of the same story ?
Its mere time waste !!! Read this and find it thrilling till the last minute find out that you were just an idiot.
Very intresting interpratation of Goddess Kali, Ganesh.
Looking forward for the third edition of the sequel, to find the true evil.
Easy read, intrinsic and complicated philosophical thoughts have been discussed like a beautiful painiting on canvas, keeps the reader pondering about the essence of creation of the universe and the existence of the life itself.
The much awaited book 2 doesnt live up to its expectations.
towards the end, it gets extremely boring, unfortunately still hard to put down and finally u realize the fact that you are reading crap weaved by the author.
the first part was definitely edgy and i wished it ended there.
Nothing seems true and factual in the second.
The Secret of the Nagas keeps up the promise made by The Immortals of Meluha.
Its all thrilling, enticing, unputdownable, fantastic read!
Amish spins the story so well, and every relevation is surprising... Kept me glued!
Looking forward to the Vayuputras..!!! ;)                                                            After reading Immortals of Meluhas I was waiting for this book... and like first one this one is also amazing.
I love the cover of the book.
It has a soul of its own.
This book hhas amazing story line which keeps you glued.
I was little shocked at the end and couldn't believe that it has ended like this.And now I am waiting of the third and final part... Hope so It will answer so many questions that I have.
A must read book.
Amazing story line.
Breathtaking moments and super characters.
Love the writing style of the author.
The Immortals of Meluha was sheer magic....kept me spell bound and it was very fascinating to know our history in such a wonderful manner ....looking forward for the Secret of the nagas...and by the buzz goin around...it seems to b quite interesting...                                Thanks to the author who very nicely captured the mythology and transformed the same into modern writing.Every end of the page creates curiosity of next page.I personally really enjoyed reading both books and waiting for the nex one                                                            What started as a promising premise to the legend of Shiva materialized into a mediocre story and storytelling.
I loved Amish first book Immortals of Meluha, inspite of flaws in its narrative.
I was hoping that the second book will cover those flaws but sadly the second book falls flat in all departments.
Very Very disappointed.
On a happy note Flipkart's service was prompt.
I read the reviews of this book before buying it.
But the terrific endig of Immortals forced me to take this book.
I ordered 3 more best sellers along with this book thinking that if this book doesn't meet my expectations, i can read others.
But this book caught me it has awesome story than previous one and Amish's writing skills have improved a lot.
Its an Awesome Book...........must read it!!!The way secrets are revealed is simply amazing......u can actually visualized every incident from the book n that's the best part...Now can't wait for the last part...
I was delighted after reading The Immortals of Meluha and instantly ordered the The secret of the Nagas from Flipkart.I loved the packing of the book and prompt delivery of Flipkart.
Cash on delivery is an added advantage for shopping through Flipkart.About the book, the Secret of the nagas kept me hooked to it for 5 days and I cudnt concentrate much on my work due to it.
The way the book has been written makes you feel that the story which have been told to us by our grandparents were true.It has increased my faith on hindu mythological stories (now I dont consider them as myth.
They are facts).There is nothing in this book such as "Magic".
Everything has a logical reason and a scientific explanation.
Its for us to find out the reasons.
I particularly liked the story about Ganesha, Kali and parshuram.Waiting for the last book in the series "The oath of the vayuputras".A Must Read!!                                                            Verdict: Although the Magical multiverse continues, not as entertaining and gripping as Book one.
A surprising twist awaits you in the last chapter that will keep you wondering about the motives of many characters and waiting for third book.
Anyways, you have to read through it to get to the other end of the story where the book three awaits.
When i finished reading 'The Immortals of Meluha', it was soooooooooo.. good that i was desparately waiting for the second book and my wait was rewarded with an amazing sequel that even threatens to surpass its prequel.. Its even more gripping than the first one with more mystery building round the clock.. Now i am desparately waiting for the last book of the Trilogy :) !!                                                            I have read both the books..simply awesome!..I am eagerly waiting for the 3rd book of the Shiva Trilogy"The oath of the vayuputras".I am sure it will be as good as the first two :)..Special mention to Flipkart to deliver both the books within a day.Kudos to the team!!
This book tells the story of how love,anger,hatred,power play with each other,truly enjoyable as this twist and turns as it goes like a nag(snake).It also shows that good and evil coexist in itself in a very beautiful manner.The story unfolds before your eyes and you can visualize it.Good style of writing.
I am a big fan of Fiction Thrillers/Adventures Books written by foreign authors like J.K.Rowling, Rick Riordan, Allistair Maclean, Micheal Crichton and many more...
I kept wondering all the time that where can I find an Indian Fiction written by Indian Author... My long wait came to an fruitful end when I got my hands on 'Immortals of Meluha' few days back..
And indeed that book mesmerized me completely..
As if an hungry infant I got hold of Its sequel 'The Secret Of the NAGAS' immediately ... and guess what End Result was the same,in fact I was even more mesmerized by the story and writing style of the author (Amish).. Now I am more hungrier and eagerly waiting for 3 rd book 'The Oath of Vayuputras'... Thanks a lot Amish for Such an exciting novels.. Keep Writing...                                                             Unfortunately this book proves that only a very small fraction of Indian writers can write fiction and even a smaller part of that can write fiction in English.
An extremely interesting premise to try and reconstruct one of the most intriguing characters from mythology  but let down by crappy imagination and an idiotic sense of narrative.
I believe its just the complete morons who would find this entertaining and want to read it.
I get attracted with the Book cover and bought this book.
While reading the book I am amazed with the narration and imagination of the author.
Lot of Turn and Twists into it.
A highly entertaining Fiction novel Pals Go Grab it.....
Not as interesting as the first book from Amit Meluha.. THough the secret of Nagas is a decent read, I am quite disappointed by the ending.
Was really expecting a nerve breaking secret..Any way since I started, will finish the triology..Awaiting the last book of the Shiva Trilogy..                                                            after reading the immortals of meluha you really expect a lot from its sequel..but sadly it falls short.unlike the first book it has very few notable events.no
proper action,no display of shiva's intelligence or military prowess(except a 1 or 2)and finally you expect an earth shattering secret to come out of this book but sadly the secret is no big deal.the
mixing of mythology n true facts which was done beautifully in the first book sticks out oddly here.overall
a not so impactful read..but definitely one you can reach out to if you are bored.
the much awaited book of the trilogy was a breezy read filled with some expected bt many unexpected turns..As shiva is still gettina hold on the fact o his new found identity he s thrown into a series of hurdles n tests as he questions his every action.. the story s filled wit intricate details n the readers goes on a wild goose chase as he keeps movin in and out o puzzles.
the end sours the mood as u cant hlep bt turn the page to get t least some clue as to wt s next.. this is one secret worth knowing!
I have never ever read a book like this.
I mean when i read i can actually imagine,Meluhans, chandravanshi's, The whole meluha city.
It is a marvelous book.Hats off to Mr. Amish Tripathi for writing such a commendable book.
:)Best Regards,Anjali GopalanNew Delhi                                                            The first book with great punch at the end of each chapter made me to read without any halt.Now reading The secret of the nagas a thrilling story although with many twists we can understand it by corelating the stories.
It's defanatly improving my vocablury.now
iam waiting for "the oath of vayuputras" please release it faster.
If you try co-relating with our sacred books on SHIV, then you will be hugely disappointed to the extent of getting hurt because of portrayal of characters, timelines of events.Historians should do all things to avoid reading this book infact entire trilogy.For casual readers it feels gr8 and you even wait desparetly for the last book in this trilogy.
Highly recommended for casual readers.
The concept was very good.
Of course most of us deeply believe that we were the rulers of the world 1000's of years back and our science was far beyond what is existing today.
that is the reason why people wan to read this book.What i found is, though author's imagination is good, the research he has done on ancient india is very meagre.
It can be easily understood that the author has zero knowledge on vedas as he always potrayed it as superstitious belief.
Except for the sword fight it looks as though the story corresponds to the current generation.Anyway its a good beginning.
It is not about class, not about legendary storytelling nor is it about keeping the readers completely aloof the real story going on, this sequel, which the nascently popular IIM graduate has brought amidst us, is all about alluring reader's to the aura of simplicity.
The facts may be meddled with, believed stories lying miles away the described ones, but with his downright layman's language, added to simple yet striking storyline is what has connected to the readers.Daring proofs to the existing theories, successfully inculcated with strong emotions has throughout made this write a hit.
A story this simple and predictable never assumes the readers to ride along the journey so merrily, as with what Amish has ferried along his readers.
With a strong feeling that this cant end with just three episodes, the heroic description of the Mahadev is bound to last long.
This is certainly a beacon which promises to enlighten the existence of heroic gods of Indian culture in foreign minds.
Finally, the likes of Chetan Bhagat have something to look upon as a competition with the naive yet imperative authors like Amish, Aswhin Sanghi joining the brigade.A colourful voyage through the ancient India, this sure is a must read!HAR HAR MAHADEV!!                                                            First book is much better than the second .
too many twists , jumping from story to story in the same chapter , poor narration.After a while everything is expected.
Very boring and not worth reading at all .
The secret of the Nagas is that Brispathi is alive.
Those of you who read the first book will know that Lord Shiva thinks his closest friend Brispathi was killed by the Nagas (hence his hatred towards them).
The second book, boils down to this:Lord Shiva makes an enemy out of his father-in-law and becomes friends with the Nagas.
That's about it.
The book tends to lose focus and meanders all over the kingdom.I just hope the second book is a stepping stone towards the third and that the third book will be as good as the first.This second book in the series is so dissappointing.
Amish should spend less time in promoting and more time in writing.
I did not write any review about Immortals of Meluha but I will write one.I have shortly turned an avid reader and credit goes to Amish and his super writing.Although novel is fiction but i wanted to believe in each and every line of it.
Naga's full of excitment, surprises, shocks and flow of Ganga.How can some one write something which will force you to read all of it in a go without caring for food, sleep, bath and nature calls.
I am eagerly waiting for Oath of Vayuputras.
i am never into history books....but by chance i have read THE IMMORTALS OF MELUHA and could not stop myself buying dis one THE SECRET OF NAGAS...and i am pretty much impressed with amishji's work...and i strted recommending dis books to all my friends who in turn are thanking me for d same...its gripping and well paced...an essential mythological story written in very modern style which attracts many readers of dis generation...must read                                                            After reading the 1st book( The Immortals of Meluha), I could not stop myself from buying this book.
I have just finished the book and found it quite entertaining.
Unlike the 1st part, Amish has greatly increased the pace of the story.
The book has lots of twists and turns, all highly satisfying and entertaining.
I'm eagerly waiting for the last part of the trilogy.One IMPORTANT thing: PLEASE READ THE FIRST BOOK BEFORE PICKING THIS ONE UP                                                            I stumbled onto The Immortals quite by chance when a friend of mine decided to buy the book(from flipkart, heheh) simply because he doesn't believe in mythology and often makes fun of my religious belief.
but anyway, when i did get down to reading it i found it extremely entertaining probably because of the contemporary language and familiar story.
We all love or fear Shiva in some way and seeing him as a man, quite human like us, yet having the virtues worthy of being worshipped is what makes this book a shining light in Indian Myhological Fiction, something we sadly have too little of.
I plan to read the second book soon, and the only thing that could disappoint me is if the third book doesn't come out soon once I'm finished.
i have read this book and its prequel.i
found both of them to be very interesting and well written.
though its sort of a book for children, everyone would enjoy it.the
first book was very disturbing for me, especially the fact that the evil keeps changing and that nothing remains the same till the end...i would suggest that you buy this, keep your analytic mind outside the study and read this book...you will thoroughly enjoy it...
This is piece of writing which can be safely avoided.
Author is lacking the imagination as he is liberal in using old age stories with 'twists' to form a new one.It would have been really great if he would have plotted new ideas and names instead of just using what is already there in a religion.
For a person who is non-Hindu this work may sound great but those who are into same religion will find no creativity.
Totally predictable, not really any secret in it.
Is that really the secret!!!
I guessed it a looong time back.
Author wants us to read the sequel always.
That's how he ends each book.
I don't know how he'll finish his third!!                                                            it is a very engaging tale and i would describe it as an adventurous fun filled rollercoaster ride.
FIRST : To all those religious fanatics who now go comparing this to all the texts presents , open ur mind and enjoy this new way to putting forth a person rather than a God.ON BOOK : nicely done and edited , I loved the continuation and people will like the event b/w a Meluhan Soldier and a princess .
Its nice to see that old friends returns in this book as it comes back as a boomerang back to the place where it originated .
Author has wonderfully depicted engg.
marvels of his fantasy and reality forcing to think beyond the supernatural of Gods and more of creation by human brain at the very need .
Shiva continues on his journey as said by Vasudevs and find some answers unknown and reveals some very taunting secrets as he continues on his nightmares .
Story now move to east and all to south western and mid south which is very nicely drawn by author .
All in well a nice sequel .
4/5                                                            I had already read this book and wanted to gift this book (along with the first part) to my sister.
I was really impressed with the Flipkart.Com service (my first order).
The books were booked on Thursday night and were delivered in an impressive package on Saturday morning!
Kudos to the Flipkart team.
I'll certainly be coming back here.....                                                            AMish you have definitely proved that story ther than on college and offices sells...beautifully written...I found the bbook so interesting that I did not got to sleep till the time I finished the book.
as the story unfolds it gets more interesting.
The myth almost seems reality..........Thanks to the author for making Shiva so down to earth person!!!!                                                            book is a fast reading but does not have much substance.
After reading this book i may not read another book of this author.
1) Ganesh was not the Son of Sati.
And Shiva is real father as we all know.2) Kartikeya was elder of two between Ganesh and him.3)
Ganesh was son of Shiva and Parvati.4)
Parvati came in Shiva's life way after Sati immolated herself.All these things doesn't deny the fact that story telling is good, but doesn't do justice with mythologies.
And today's youth who doesn't know about there religious beliefs, only get mislead with this kind of work, and start believing this as true...                                                            Amish's 2nd book lives up to the rep the first one created.
Action at every turn, catch phrases that make you introspect, all built into the Hindu myths we know so well.
I love and appreciate the Way Amish has weaved Indian Mythology,Casual English and some rationalist thoughts and produced a great work of Fiction.
Yes, it is a fiction and so you will love it if you read it as fiction and not end up analyzing its facts and figures.
And the way Amish has picked the stories and characters from Hindu Mythology is incredible.
His concept is good for a good fiction .. but not for the myths present till now.. but whats with the framing of story dude..ganesh a deformed creature?Princess with huge sexual appearance .. seducing and all???and the language... who is the editor boss...
The book started off as a slow read..Nothing much interesting happened in the first few chapters..N then suddenly as the secrets are revealed one after the other,I could not keep ths book down.An amazing journey filled with twists and turns,unfolds one page after the other.It is recommended that you read the first book in order to enjoy this to a greater level.
Ordered it on 22nd night, got it on 24th eve.The packaging was superb(as usual) and totally sealed.Haven't started reading the book.
But, the First part was rocking.
Hope the second book stands up to it.
amazing read!
loved the book, great one amish!
All the very best for the next one!
just finished with the book and its too good... i was glued to the book untill i completed it.. now eagerly waiting for THE OATH OF THE VAYUPUTRAS.. the book is great.. try it..
You will like this book, if you love to find linkage amongst various tales of SHIVA Mythology.
You will not like it if you think :1.
God Shiva is God Shiva; and his mythology should not be questioned.2.	that people of 1900 BC did/can not have technical sophistication of modern day like amenities/structural capabilities.
3.	of some other strong mythological stories that you know, which contradicts with the book in terms of bridging 2 stories.
One fantastic concept is HAR HAR MAHADEV : Very very few people know that the phrase never appeared in Sanskrit literature and thus it simply means in Hindi : Each and very one is Mahadev.
My Opinion : Off course Read                                 i finished the book in 2 days and the book was brilliant its not as good as the first part but surely a nice read                                                            This is one of the best books i've ever read.. kept me spellbound !!                                                            Just got back from a trip and all the while, I believed I could work it through but after THE IMMORTALS OF MELUHA, THE SECRET OF THE NAGAS, kept me spellbound all the way through.
The story altogether in this trilogy as it progress is filled with the mystery needed to captivate anyone so I would definetly suggest this one to my buddies.
A very captivating, seat gluing narration.
Takes you into a completely new world.
A very interesting perspective into Hindu Mythology.
A must read for sure.
Books like these may have been inspired by books like the 'The Palace of Illusions' (which was a brilliant one).
While the idea of creating a fantasy based on Indian Mythology is a brilliant and inspiring idea, this book falls far short of the weakest of expectations that any reader of this genre would have!
Very weak writing, and not much of creativity either.
Definitely not a good read.
Awesome book.A must read for everyone.fitting
sequel to immortals of meluha,It had all the ingredient required in a book.I read the book in a day and now am eager for the release of the next book .And flipkart was asusual best in delivering the book.i got it in 2 days time.awesome
work FLIPKART :)                                                            Both part 1 and 2 of Shiva trilogy are engaging.
Nice blend of mythology and the author's imagination.
Grate work by Amish.
I love reading this book and i am desperately waiting for last book of this trilogy.
" Today, He is a God.4000 years ago, He was just a man.
"WHAT KIND OF BOGUS COMMENT IS THAT?
AUTHOR ACTS LIKE IF HE IS EXTRA SMART, but it seems like that he knows nothing about Siva!!! Bogus author!Read the Vedas first, and take shelter of bona fine spiritual master, and read the things from vedas.Do not make up the stories about Lord Siva! Do not give wrong info to people about Lord Siva! Author said, 4000 yrs ago??? What?
He seems so limited, and he knows nothing!
Look at Vedas, this world is not few 1000s yrs old, but it has been for million of yrs, and so many yugas!
Summary - Interesting characterization, nice blend of myths and facts.
Builds into a nice plot and then runs like an confused hindi serial which stretches and stretches...Potpourri, Pop-Mythology.Losses-The first book builds into an interesting plot.
The characterization is interesting and could have been a more evolved,modern and engaging piece of fiction.
The writer's need to keep the plot alive brings about a serial-ish style of writing towards the last chapters....Reminds me of the typical low quality hindi serials...build a plot,loud music, alot of surprised stares, camera towards the shocked looks of the entire cast,suspense and.......Wait till the next episode.
The second part continues from the 1st.
By the way, it just becomes more mushy and hyper emotional.
The supposed hero seems to struggle through self discovery.
Brief flashes of creativity but the characterization / story steadily deteriorates towards predictability.The end is again inspired from Ekta Kapoor serials....Pop mythology and an average read for early adults / youngsters.
A very good sequel to the Meluhas, will definitely keep you interested in the plot                                                            It is a rare phenomenon that the squeal turns out to be a better read than the former.A Brilliant piece of work, expertly woven myth and fiction in a seamless book of marathon excitement.BEWARE: " You will take a day off from work to finish this book"                                                            Its a very good book to be read by children.i
cudnt really make out what is the big secret of the nagas.
The best thing I liked about the book is the message that it reinforces at many places:that good and bad are perceptions and consequences of some events that have already occurred.
We should know fully before we judge.The discussions Shiva has with the Vasudevs are also interesting.
I dint read it as a book on the real lord Shiva,whom I worship too, since there are many contradictions to his ways in both the books.
But Amish has very creatively come out with a story based on characters from our own puranas and given it twists to align it to the ancient stories that we have heard.
I like to read Indian authors more and this series is also among my likes, though I liked Immortals of Meluha better than the Secret of the Nagas.Read it as a new story, do not try to relate it to the scriptures.
It is just Amish's story: what if Mahadev was a human and what if he was just another Rudra.
Its becoming more and more of a hindi masala movie.
Is mein drama hai, emotion hai, romance hai, sex hai , fighting hai, family reunion hai aur etc etc hai.
The twists and turns are becoming more and more predictable.
Nothing new is there.
If you like hindi masala movies or die hard kind of movies you will really love this novel.
If your expectoration is something unique and different then you will be disappointed.
read IMMORTALS OF MELUHA and SECRET OF THE NAGAS back to back!!!!!!!!! an epic of its own, dats what this trilogy truly is!! cant hardly wait for the OATH OF THE VAYUPUTRAS!!!!!!! bring out another masterpiece amish, N best-est of luck for dat!!!!!                                                            Like 'Immortals of Meluha', this book is again a good story with a puerile narration and average English.
The confused Shiva from the last book becomes the all-powerful Shiva in this book.
Avoid this book if you are a seasoned reader.
The book has nothing to offer except a compelling story.
The book gets 3/5 for story alone.
An off-beat approach to mythology (read as mythology-remixed), that Amish introduced with Immortals of Meluha and continued in The Secret of the Nagas, is definitely captivating...
While this charismatic story is engulfing, the last page triggers curiosity about the forthcoming book.
If you have liked the remixed version of the legendary story woven around the old mythological characters in the 1st book, you’ll definitely like The Secret of the Nagas as well.
Though I must make a point here – I totally appreciate the way in which he has maintained the same characters, personalities and relations from mythology, while building up a whole new plot around them, which is modern, fancy and appealing to the new generation.
It is at times realistic yet unreal...All in all, quite entertaining.
The book is good to read given the simplicity of language and the plot.
However the book was not as fast paced and gripping as the previous story.
The secret of nagas however could not be reviled till the last chapters, which is indicative of good story telling to keep the suspense.
But it does make the reader think for once that whom we call as bad may not be bad at all.
A book that can be handed to young adults and adolescents which can lead them to think in a different way.
Only thing the story lags is narrative style, its a bit slow.
I have recently purchased this book.
I made several attemts to read it.
Give it three persons.
none could read the book.In Jaipur, any body can have this book from me FREE.
This book is really boring and I have been able to read only 80 pages so far coz the story is damn slow and monotonous.All the initial excitement after ordering the book and finally getting it delivered went over after reading the first 20 - 30 pages!!!!The first one was much better and the story must have been limited to a single book rather than the author having to read bad reviews for extending the story to 2 useless sequels.P.S.
This is my personal opinion and I don't mean to offend the Author or anyone else by this review.
The sequel I was waiting for...It is like you watching a 400 pages of Bollywood movie.
Loved the first book very much.
This one is a perfect sequel for the first book...A MUST READ...Very interesting one, if you are a good reader, then you will put it down unless you complete reading it..
The end is very unexpecting, can't wait for the third one..Every page has its own twist and turns..
This is one of my fastest reads.
That is probably because, I kept on turning the pages..                                                             Looks like tha author has gone too far in trying to stitch up a story of Shiva, Sati, Ganesh, Kartikeya etc. being human ... some things seem just too bizarre ... bit of a disappointment after the Immortals of Meluha                                                            It is a great attempt to give the new generation a mix of our culture but unfortunately it all gone wrong.
Facts and philosophies have been mixed so much that a great book in making resorted to a fictional Book.
Many characters & places been referred in book is from our literature but all in wrong chronology.Equality, humanity and the values have been explained in very shuttle way.
Concept: Good Vs evil is nicely explained and whole book take you to the journey however it lacks the solidity and plot doesn’t have the tightness which “The Immortals Of Meluha? had!! Story becomes too predictable at the 2nd act and kills the curiosity…I wish you all the best Amish and hope to see more refined, research work next time around.
Awesome work Amish!
The magnificient structuring of the story reflects your prompt effort and the homework you have done behind this!!!
All the best for you next book "Secret of the Nagas"                                Flow is excellent, quite good twists in story and an ending which will keep you still wanting for more.
Amish has done a really good job.
Still you can feel that in this book he has tried to work more on the usage of the words, which he has kept simple in his previous book.
Still this will keep you spell bound till the end.
the book is really great the story is well laid out and its blending of mythology and fact are something which i have seen only in a few rare books ..awesome all the way .
The secret of the Nagas is  much more descriptive than its earlier part.Keeps you very much grasped from the very first page.New characters are well introduced without getting out of the main storyline.However this book fails to make a place in the top 10 fav books on my shelf.....                                                             1.
According to this book, Lord RAM is well before the time of the arrival of Lord Shiva or Neelkanth.
If that is the case, how did Lord Ram perform poojas to Lord Shiva in Rameshwaram which is described in detail in RAMAYANA?
May be that was a different Lord Shiva in scriptures, with a different Goddess Shakthi with a different Ganapati and different Karthick as sons.2.
Lord Shiva is documented in the scriptures as a god possessing qualities of high meditation and is third eye in the forehead is the wisdom eye.
There is also a documened story in the scriptures that say he burnt the ANGELS OF KAMA for disturbing his meditation.
Will such an highly meditative mind seek solace or peace in marijuana as is described so often in this book?
There are hearsay stories about Lord smoking marijuana by certain sections of people who use the Lord as a cover for their addictions and nothing more than that.
THERE ARE ABSOLUTELY NO SCRIPTURAL REFERENCE TO LORD SHIVA SMOKING.
May be that was a different Lord Shiva in scriptures.3.
In Immortals of Meluha - THE ORACLE FORETELLS THE ARRIVAL OF NEELKANTH - THE NEELKANTH ARRIVES BUT HE IS FILLED WITH DOUBTS ABOUT HIS ABILITIES AND HIS PASSAGE BEGINS WITH STRUGGLES AND FIGHTS FROM AGENTS OF THE KINGDOM OF NAGAS.
THE STORY IS FAMILIAR AND REMINISCENT OF NEO AND MATRIX.4.
In THe Secret of Nagas - THE LORD OF PEOPLE OR GANESH AND QUEEN OF NAGAS or KALI have mutations in the body that makes them look paranormal for which the society is afraid of them and cannot accept them but it helps them to perform things unimaginable to normal human beings.
REMINISCENT OF A WHOLE LOT OF POPULAR HOLLYWOOD MOVIES like XMEN, Wolverine etc etc.5.
BOOK IS ENTERTAINING.
I STRONGLY RECOMMEND IT FOR CASUAL READING BUT IT IS A FIGMENT OF IMAGINATION AND NON FACTUAL LIKE DAVINCI CODE.
IF YOU WANT SCRIPTURE LESSONS THEN THIS BOOK IS INADEQUATE.
BUT IT IS DEFINITELY ENTERTAINING.6.
THE BOOK IS WRITTEN BY A VERY EMINENT PERSON, EDITED BY EXPERTS AND ENDORSED BY EQUALLY EMINENT SCHOLARS.
NEITHER DO I MAKE ANY ATTEMPT TO BELITTLE THEM NOR DO I CLAIM TO BE AN EXPERT.
I JUST SAY THE DISCREPANCIES. 7. HOWEVER BOOK IS DEFINITELY VERY THRILLING AND A GOOD TIMEPASS.
STRONGLY RECOMMENDED TO BUY as fiction.
A superb book, and pleasantly surprised on the decent way the erotic moments between characters have been written.
I really doubt whether Shiva would have said shit, but if he is a Tibetan tribal he must have used the Tibetan equivalent right.
Happy to see the continuity and logic behind all the myth of our Gods and Goddesses.
A good read.
keep it up Amish and i have lapped it up.
This book is an amazing piece of work by the author.... starts on a low note, but catches up on action, drama, secrets within secrets..... keeps you on the edge of the seat till the end.. Thumbs up for this one... eagerly waiting for the last in the trilogy.... excellent job..                                                            Immortals of Meluha had flashes of absolute brilliance.
I had expected the 2nd instalment to build on it, but was dissappointed with the mediocre stuff dished out.
There are too many coincidences and  the story is too linear to tickle the senses.
It seemed written by an author who had the weight of expectations of the masses on his shoulder and wanted to justify it.
It reminded me of hardy boys and nacy drew and felt like i was reading a story which was apt for my adolescence age.
I might read the 3rd instalment, amish but dont make me waste my hard earned money.
Om namah shivay                                                            Amish had Meluha fans waiting for a while to get Secret of the Nagas out; verdict: the wait was totally worth it.
The build up to the "secret" of the Nagas itself is brilliant, the story is as racy as Meluha and if anything Amish has taken the criticism of book 1 really well and thus cleaned up the quality of the language.
i dont want to make this review a spoiler as anything in the book i narrate here would be one.
All i can say is the minute book 3 is available on flipkart on pre-order, i'll be booking it.
Must buy!
To put it briefly, my curiosity has not waned.
And I would like Amish to come out with the third book soon, and finish it off in style.
I am not satisfied with the style of writing , but that is something I choose to live with, given the very interesting take on Mythology and History .
If you are not looking for high quality literature , but for an interesting read instead , I say , go for it .
A very good premise - a saviour from the wild, who rises to be a god.
Has the potential for a very powerful story and should remind one of Wheel of time, etc.But instead is more preachy and reads like a poor translation of the vedas or the Bhagvad gita.Maybe it is just me, as an Indian, being close to the source material - but maybe not - I totally loved the irreverance of the Ramayana Manga style comics.Not enough humour,not enough depth to the characters (very 2D), and extremely poor narrative techniques.With the number of Kings and Kingdoms, this could have even been akin to the Song of Ice and Fire series :-) The only positive was the pace of the story.
In this aspect it reminded me of the later matthew reilly novels (five greatest warriors, six stones, etc) Completely plastic characters kept alive by the sheer pace of the story.2
stars for the attempt paceTruly saddened by the wasted premise!
Exciting page turner.
Generally describing a Shiva(GOD) as human is really hard.
The author maintained the balance by not making the acts of Shiva as something super natural at the same time not making them too foolish to make Shiva's followers angry.I am waiting for third part.
:)                                                            This book is a breakthrough in the novel selling industry...although amish is a fresh writer yet has done a great piece of work...hats off to him..Purchase the book and i guarantee 100% satisfaction..
The book could have been better.
The trilogy is unique and concept well-thought out.
'Hoping the next one is just riveting!
Finished the book in one sitting.
But was seriously dissapointed with the book.
It read like a Indian soap Opera and was more of a lost and found story.Amish has taken a mighty fall from the high standards that he set in the first book.
I had read the previous book of this author.. Loved it :) I had ordered the sequel on 17th Aug and guess what I got it today .i.e 19th Aug coincidentally it happens to be my BDay today.
I am so happy to receive this book on this day :) I had ordered it thru COD and must say the packaging is jus too good :) I am gonna read it this weekend and may be review it later :) :) For now Thank you so much Flipkart.com
