                                This is a good book to read, But for those who are impressed with the narrating style of chetan this one is not a book of story which will give you goosebumps or good old memories.
This is a composition of different articles that may awaken the sense of citizenship and an urge to do something significant for the country you live in.Unlike all other books by Chetan chances are you may leave this book without reading completely.
it made me remember my college . .  the boring theory book        Chetan Ji Try to Bring changes That We Appreciate the effort , Practicaly wen we take word's politic's , economy Coruption it really sucks                                                            I think everybody must go through this one..it is a book which shows our mistakes as citizens & lots of problems & their solutions are discussed here.moreover
some thing about the problems regarding the voting process,education,poverty are told in a very logical way.
and most beautiful part is about the politics & politicians which & who are destroying our country.
It is not like some of the other books which CB wrote.Though I liked few things about this book still many of my friends didn't like it.
... because that would be disrespecting my garbage!! Absolute rubbish!
Any ten year old with a mobile phone could have "compiled" this!!
First of all guys, i wanna say that flipkart is awesome for its timing.I ordered this book on 5:30 pm nd it was on my doorsteps on 10:00 am the next day.The language is Awesome nd the credit goes to chetan.
The box is very interesting, no need to think twice before buying.
Very cheap.
Can bet that it is the lowest price in India.
Its is Marked Rs.140
But is avaiable at Rs.80.
Rs.60 Off.
Only one thing i noticed that the book is very light.
Which is not a matter to be Discussed.Atlast , the book is best with Flipkart.
Hey! friends if you are looking to purchase this book then don't hesitate to purchase it.
I loved the concept of the book.It provides answers to young generation questions..Some of them are why do our students regularly commit suicide, can our political parties ever work together, does our vote make any difference at all, why is there so much corruption in India, and we love our India, but shouldn’t some things be different.Nice Book with a very nice thought by chetan bhagat....                                                            ever wondered "what is happening in india?" and how to "bring about a change?",
this is for you....don't expect any kind of a chetan bhagat "entertainment"....but, the way of the presentation is OUTSTANDING....to some extent it answers some perpetual, ever existing questions...it's persuasive!!!!
This book is Chetan Bhagat's first non fiction.
Here, he asks and gives solutions to every question asked by the youth of the country related to the country's progress like:  Why is there so much corruption in India?We love our country,but shouldn't some things be different?Why do our students regularly commit suicide?If you want to understand India, the problems and want to be a part of the solution, this is the book for you.
What Young Indians ACTUALLY Want is to read jihadi fiction including novels like Lashkar and Salim Must Die by Mukul Deva and "Indians in Pakistan" by Vivek Pereira available at Pothi website.
These action thrillers are much better than anything Chetan Bhagat has written or ever dream of writing!
Chetan Bhagat is a good man with good intentions.
He portrays what Young India wants in an realistic manner.
If you are a young Indian with an open mind please do buy it coz its worth it..) as for the book delivery, i got it within 2 days of my request on COD.
superfast delivery.
thanks flipkart..:)
He should stick to shaadi.com
advertisements.
The writing is bland.
The book is appropriate for those below the age group of 15 or those who do not follow news or politics in India.
Post Five Point Someone the books have been reflective of the fact that the author pertains to reach towards the commercial aspect of book writing rather than the literary consequence of the book.
Over all quite a bad read and Chetan Bhagat is just attempting to now use the past clout to sell new books.
Deserves a rating 0.                                                             i preordered this book hoping that it will be just like the rest of chetan bhagats book , but it is such a full of bull shit and a total waste of money.
if u had more enough spend in smoking em up dnt buy it.
This is very good book.
The essays are short but give a nice seed of thoughts.
The author has a very liberal approach towards many social issues.
An independent thinker will fully agree with him.
Those who are under the mental slavery of any political parties/organizations may not be able to agree with many things.
I suggest this book to all Indians who are interested in the growth of our nation.
These ideas have importance during this movements for better, uncorrupted India.
The truth of actual india lies behind the cover of this book.when
at first i read the title of the book i thought-"must be like his previous books.simple.funny.heartouching.".This one is also the same except the 'funny factor'.The book deals with the problems facing by India and ways to solve it.yeah,need
to say "simple yet classy".
Hey guys this a quik review on my behalf !!!!!!!This book is a great source of encouragement for all of us,one must read this book to see how proud we all feel about INDIA but at the same time this books shows us the points where we are behind the western countries and need serious improvements.....so young indians awake, rise and start doing things which will make our country more efficient with transparent ....because  now country is goin on with pathetic condition .....hope fully will come up soon....were even india will will be counted as sophisticated and fully developed country .....and were no one will be there to finger on our country....!!!!nothing much to say...on this regard !!!!!And to all those who are giving bad reviews about this book, I am damn sure that they are somehow associated with the corruption in India ....!!!!thank you guys!!!!                                Hi everyone !!!!
I am 11 years old and just got this book by Flipkart....... Its a really nice book for all ages....... with all the things going around like bombings and political issues one should read this!! .
This book also has Chetan Bhagat's history about his childhood and even about his graduation , school and stuff.
I have learnt many things after reading this book.So, i hope that everyone is gonna bye this book and learn alot..... Thanx for reading my review :)                                                            What Young India wants A BIG TIME DISASTER !!!!
A WASTE OF TIME & MONEY.....!!!I don't know why Chetan wanted to write such a book at a stage when his career was shining, the book from starting to end seems to be disconnected and vague.
Yes youth has power but there are ways to mobilize it not with writing fictitious crap please enter the practical world.
Sorry Chetan a poor show this time.
Again.....flipkart service is the best among all online shops.i
got the book  within 2 days.the
book contains few of his edits from the news paper.moreover
some words from speeches he delivered...............                                Good book.
One must read who loves our country.
It gives the definite inside view of what is really going on in our country.
We all know the symptoms, and sometimes get frustrated with no cure of it, but It talks about the Cure as well.
It may not be inspirational or Fun like Bhagat's  earlier ones, but definitely it is an Honest book which expresses the most of the Youth's view, who understands a bit.
It may let down to those who doesn't want to face the reality or who wants to be in their world, but those are having a concern, and going through the what is going on in our country for past few years and see through the pathetic condition of the country, will definitely relate to it.
The book look little bit of slow in the beginning for me as it was not a fiction .The attempt of the author was fantastic but i feel need to add more only my opinion.
The also made me to think some of the current scenarios.
Who ever love INDIA should read this book...this is about what India is now and it will show us how to develop India.
In this he has written what my thoughts about the present India is ...Everybody should read this book and make our country the best which is every ones wish.
start working.......
This book is a great source of encouragement for all of us,one must read this book to see how proud we all feel about INDIA and what does it gives back to us back.
we feel so great about being free n independent but the truth is actully we arnt really independent.
This book is a must for all youngsters.
For after reading this, it will give a sense of introspection into ourselves about all the wrongs we do in our life and will definitely help us to advance in the right direction towards the development of India.
This book takes all its readers to the harsh reality of the present India, yet keeping things exceptionally simple.
An excellent compilation by Chetan Bhagat in a lucid manner by short simple essays.
Yes it can be somehow boring for some people, but it is recommended for all to read atleast once with a little bit of patience for it brings the harsh truths in front of us.And to all those who are giving bad reviews about this book, I am damn sure that they are somehow associated with the corruption in India and hence after reading this, their arses are burning up.
Grow up you people, this book certainly doesn't deserve a ONE star rating.I will give a 4 out of 5 rating to this book.
wasted my time and money.
dont judge the book by its cover is exactly true for this one.
the tiles are good for the chapter , but the content is mostly hollow.
It is pointless.
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This is a must read book for young indians.....who just dont want to change the present condition of our country but also to become good citizens of india...This books shows us the points where we are behind the western countries and need serious improvements.....so young indians awake, rise and start doing things which will make our country more efficient with transparent and just laws.....                                                            i wish mr chetan keep writing this type of books many r telling its crap den wat dey expect 4rm mr chetan ?
dey want him 2 write 1000 page book on it even it ll b 2 small 2 solve d current probs atlst he is trying smthng dats d thing every young stars mst read it go for it its worth paying money n time on ds book                                                            I am a huge fan of chetan bhagat but this book just fails to make the cut !! Struggled to complete it.
look forward to his other titles.
He should probably stick to fiction and romance.........................                                                            Disappointment, that's the word that comes to my mind after reading Chetan'slatest book 'What young India wants'.
I have been a fan of his writing and still am.
I have read all his books and  thoroughly enjoyed them.
Even though my friends and colleagues hate his work.
I really appreciate his attempt to try his hand at fiction.
And I appreciate the topics he has discussed.
The problem is that I am sorry to say that I'm really disgusted with his point of view that he has expressed in all the topics.
He comes across as an over confident and arrogant rich Indian who is no different then others and just points out flaws in the system.
Its not like I'm really patriotic even I wanna settle abroad if given a chanceIt seemed like he is just sitting in his a/c room and writing all this.
Unaware of the realities around him.
Well I can go on and on.
But no point wasting time.Advice to all please ignore this one.
Total money waste.
well half a star or zero stars are not included in the option............ total waste of money ........a kind request to chetan bhagat - sir please stop destroying and toying with the minds of India's youth.
as a young person i need this book .
where as some people are commenting same old wine in new bottle .. whatever until govt wont implement activity it is never a old one.
You guys raise the motto strongly in public then say it an old wine.
This is chetan bhagat's first book that is non-fiction....It puts into words what essentially is the thought of modern india....from issues as diverse as politics to employment to corruption (sometimes overriding) it relates to what we feel is wrong in modern india.
In clear, simple prose, and with great insight, this book analyses some of the complex issues facing modern India, offers solutions and invites discussion on them.
And, at the end, author asks this important question: Unless we are all in agreement on what it is going to take to make our country better, how will things ever change?
Non-fiction If you want to understand contemporary India, the problems that face it, and want to be a part of the solution, What Young India Wants is the book for us.                                                            he spoke in the way that he is all in all.........he knew everything........in reality its nothing........he just ordered his reader to do.......but the fact is what he has done....Nothing...............................                                                            could be better but a gud book from chetan   ...rest of chetan's are best..this one is also gud but could be a bit better..its easy to say..but i know its difficult to do it..so congos to him ..and enjoy this one                                                                                                                                                                          Hey!! Pointless to say I have enjoyed reading your first one!!
But this remains my personal favorite!!
Your writing comes across as something very honest and decorated with much simplicity!!Best of Luck with it!
This book is intended for those who love politics,those who are interested more about a developed India in future.Chetan Bhagat has just collected pieces of information about WHAT YOUNG INDIA WANTS.It deals with how the politicians are misusing our country's wealth,about corruption and more about what the young Indians should develop when they want to lead a good life in future.He gives the readers a gist about what he is trying to say.
Not good, not for those who prefer serious reading.Good for people who have never picked up newspapers or magazines but those who are aware with the ongoing around will find nothing new, lame examples too.The most disappointing book by him so far.
good book nd it gives a general  idea  about our current social nd political problems .
.. gud read only if u are interested in current politics and social affairs ... if u expect a chetan bhaghat s masala book , this is not for u ...                                                             A must-read book by every Indian...esp. the youth who sincerely believe that India can head in a better direction !!!
A nice critical and analytical book !! Chetan bhagat has proven through this literary marvel that he is the best in writing non-fiction as well...!!!
So pals go-get-it....!!!
This book is amazing.....The facts in this book are perfectly said.It shows how we as a country can improve.We have enormous growth potential.
We seriously should pull up our socks and work for betterment.Amazing eye openermust read                                                            Mr Chetan Bhagat,you should realize that,those who doesn't have an IIT and IIM tag are not losers and lesser mortals in anyway..plzzz stop flaunting it in your books,it's already a collection of trash..i used to be one of your fans but seriously limit yourself to B grade hindi movie writings coz that is where you r worth of your salt...Nothing less nothing more...                                this book has won importance of current situation of our country i insist that u have a great time to read this book it change Ur thinking to this country this book has detail in current position of our country besides it is the   1st book of non fiction from chetan bahagat                                                                 This book is just a collection of all the topics (related to India) on which school students would be asked to write essays.It seems as if chetan bhagat has copied this book from some navneet digest/guide for english board exams.
BIG waste of time..!!! not worth at all....                                                            Normally I prefer Frictions and motivational stories then Novels.
When I saw the promotions of “What Young India wants? I just pre order this book from Flipkart.
Even if it’s a small book I took a long period to complete this, as I feel bore on reading this.
I feel  “What young India want?  is not a proper title for this book.
This book just aware the youth about the current politics, current affairs of India and most of the ideas and suggestion for India are from Chetan’s mind not from the youth.
Even most of the youths don’t know about the issues, how can they put their demands on those issues.If you just cover the headlines daily, then this book is a waste of money.It’s a nice try by Chetan, but he has to work hard to set his feet in this section.
ALL THE BEST Chetan Bhagat, We expect something more from you..                                The book is like salad of assorted thoughts of all hues spread over the pages.
Each topic may merit a deeper treatment, but then you don’t do that in salad.
It offers fast and easy reading with refreshing thoughts in between, while allowing one to flip through a few pages.
Is it filling and wholesome?
Perhaps not.
Salad never fills.
Refreshing?
Yes, let the young India think aloud though not necessarily in the line of the author.
(One may be young but may not mull over converting Lutyen Delhi into concrete jungle for the corporate world!).
The initial pages may sound like a little bragging.
But the point is about dreams and sense of achievements.
Chances are that by the time you are through to the last page, those many refreshing thoughts have been forgotten.
But what lingers on is the question: What Young India Wants?
A thought you and I need to ponder upon.
Tell me simply who is gonna listen to BIG WORDS from Chetan Bhagat -  a writer of indian funky paced novels.
Why should we read his insane "larger-than-life" talks?
I bought this book with expectations to read the real indian incidents and it's explanation in chetan's concepts.
But, in every moment, Chetan tried to prove his calibre by self-canvasing his writing skills in a different topic nowadays.
If you guys still have doubt, buy the book and experience the fact.
I should've bought APJ Abdul Kalam's book on inspiring thoughts which covers true stories in a very smooth way.
Read 'Title' again.
Folk you re Chetan Bhagat.
I would rather invest my 100 bugs + 200-extra (snacks) for watching Joker movie.So I should make sure my review contains a minimum of 200 characters?
Ok here you go --> 'This book is the remainder obtained when a single Ostrich's pubic hair participated in an ancient alchemy of converting shit into more shit.
Thank you.
"                                                             Nice book; goo read, atleast once.In Typical Chetan Bhagat Style; I like the way he writes.
I have read all of his books..............................................................................
This book clearly depicts present condition of our country.
It critically analyses our society, politics and youth.
It is about what we are and what we can do to improve ourselves, our nation and what would we wish to give to the future generations.All Chetan Bhagat haters may still hate him, but I know many who have turned into his fans; which includes me.
Well written & to the point why we as Indians are corrupt.
We all think little corruption is ok & this snowballs into big scams one fine day.
Many of us may not even realize this & even accept this.
Buy, read it & don't buy a pirated copy from your street side vendor.
Now trying doing this for every book.
Then if you succeed it, then try buying legal music from flipkart.
Finally buy/rent movies & don't download illegal copies.
This is what is highlighted in the book.A very good book with a short & strong messages to the fellow Indians.
At various stages author looks biased but can be taken looking at the sensitivity of those topics.
Sneak Peak into this book is a Must for the people striving for the change in the society!Some of the thoughts mentioned in the books really does impact.Before you start, you should keep in mind that "Expectations from fictional novels should be different from the non-fictional ones ;)"                                                            actually speaking I was not convinced that Chetan Bhagat who wrote few fiction stories can write this political book so neatly.
But this book really gives insight of what "our" Indians really need to focus on.
This book gives a true idea about changing ourselves instead of blaming all others.
This book contains many articles regarding major current economical,political and so on.
Chetan bhagat  trying to make a clear image on after effects of these issues.
And also he tries to compare the present living standards of indians with other nations.
But i found from all the articles he insisted on the corruption of politicians.
His views are a bit vague but it deals with the important issues plaguing our country, so a must read if you want to know the bigger picture.Chetan has attempted to inspire the youth and we should respect that as he could have easily gone on to write second rate novels which could have fetched him a lot of money!
The book is primarily be about corruption.
In the name of youth development he's been serving us LOADS OF CRAP!Revolution 2020 sucked and so does this.
Read the paper everyday and you'll know more about India's present situation than what is given in this 200 something pages of what-we-already-know. There's nothing new in what he's written.
Nothing new, Now authors are out with their own Stardust and write anything comes over the mind.
I'll not ask a single one to go with this book.Sorry
But This is what I felt when I gave my 2 days to this book..
I was on a train when I purchased this book.
A book seller, with 'lots' of books in his hand approached in the compartment and when I browsed his collection I found that I had already read most of them; to which he retorted "Aur kitna books chahiye"... Sighing, I went ahead with the only one book that was better than the others.
What young India wants is a book for those who think a lot about our country, feel frustrated at the way things happen, get depressed by the scams and politics, and most importantly for those who want to change all this.... Its a good read, provokes thinking and written in typical Chetan Bhagat style.
I would recommend it for those who are looking for some "serious light' reading....:)                                                            I read comments of other people.But, I don't think those are really helpful for new readers...Everyone's point of view is different is different.But, according to me, a very good book and also good writing of Chetan Bhagat........                                                            It's a very nice book.
It is a well written book about the current social and political situation in India.
The author points out the problems in our current society, politics and youth and also offers some solutions to these problems.
It just needs to go into our heads to make the change that India needs..!!!!                                                            the book is a total mess, there is nothing new in it all the issues raised were already heard.overall
it is the worst book from chetan bhagat.
we expect a lot more from you m chetan bhagat and this book of yours is really disgusting                                                              Well, I am not a fan of Chethan Bhagat.
I neither like his mediocre writing styles, nor his ideology.He is not for thinkers.
And I totally agree that his books are a show-off.
I haven't read 'Revolution 2020' and 'What Young India wants'.But I really know what to expect from someone with writing styles like his.
Not worth buying, not worth reading.
I was a fan of chetan bhagats books.. but not anymore..
All he has done in this book his remove his frustration on whatever issue came to his mind.. He's just commented what anyone can comment and has done nothing apart from pointing fingers.
Mr. Chetan..
If you are that willing to change india.. Please join politics and ACTUALLY MAKE A DIFFERENCE rather than sitting and taunting and commenting on every possible situation.
I am truely furious at him for actually publishing this load of crap.. i wish there were negative rating here..                                                            Very good book to read click here to buyIt inspires you to do something for the country and for yourself........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
He is good at writing scripts for Bollywood movies.
High time he realizes that serious talking is not his cup of tea.
Chetan Bhagat thinks that he is the modern sensation of india, what he is didnt understand is that India youths are far better than what he thinks they are.
Talking about Kareena kapoor here??? Chetan Bhagat, Please limit your writings to 3rd rated bollywood movies.
You are the best in it.
A good book at all.
Nice writing , nice english used and truly quite affective .Ya at somepoint its quite boaring and disscusing issues that has been tested earlier....But over all its bang on ,,,,This is for completing 200 characters :P                                                            It's like "yeah...
I know that already!... so what!" book ... This feels like a book of all the blog posts one has written.
Agree that this is about personal perspective - biased on the experiences one can have - which essentially is not sufficient to make a generalized statement; even if it take the average-next-door guy into account - it really does not justifies.
@CB - you are good fiction writer ... stick to it!
don't waste your money on this book.
The title should have been - WHAT I WANT.....the ideas presented in this book are very juvenile and incoherent..I guess if govt.
reads a copy of the same then they may charge the author with sedition..better go to McD and utilise your 98 bucks                                 Hi friends first of all please don't buy this book.
This book is totally a crap, i still not able to complete it.
Dear Chetan stop showing in your books that if your are not an IITian/IIMian than you are a LOOSER.
Now your novels more looks like cheap hindi bollywood films.
I guess you are now on your maturity point and your decline starts.
I think Chetan ji, should keep writing in fiction series.
That was much inspiring & intresting because people get entertained by that type of books and i dont really fond of reading about india and failure beacuse we already know nothing would be changed like these politicians and other social works.
they all are after money they are greedy, nonsense.
So, why to waste time writing on this topic.
Lot of Expectations was there but certainly they were not Fulfilled.
Book doesnt give any idea towards understanding the subject matter.
It doesnt give any stable, correct, pratically possible solution on which we can think.
Waste of money and time Chetan ,we dont want your opinion on young indianFriction is ur field man Waste of money and time Chetan ,we dont want your opinion on young indianFriction is ur field man                                                             Nothing new, just another version of what we should know and do improve the country; nothing that we already do not know and do not put into practice for obvious reasons.Good for an utopian adda session.
Suits his stature as a motivational speaker, a collection of bubbles no more and no less                                                            Its a must read book for the "YOUNG INDIA".
And of course our corrupted politicians.
The best part of the book is that The Author (Chetan Bhagat) has not just identifies the problems of growing India but has also solutions.very
simple language and keeps the young like me very curious through out.
I am not a regular reader, but this one, I really had no problemsDefinitely Chetan Bhagat has a writing style that never bores you.I have read ony 4 books in my lifetime of which 3 are of Chetan Bhagat.Do think out your solutions to the problem he points out.This book is a start fot the Indians to plan and work for a brighter India                                This book is a humble quest of Chetan Bhagat to reach out to the youth of India addressing the problems we often face in our country.
We often discuss these things in our friends.The book provides another viewpoint into the problems which every young Indian can connect himself to.
And the suggestions are worth giving a thought.I would like to recommend this book to every young Indian who wants to be a part of a better India.
I never expected him to pen anything other masaala campus fiction stuffs but to my surprise he has written it very well.
The part in which he takes up an issue and dissects it is nothing exceptional but the part where he give the solutions for each of them is very interesting.
These solutions are pretty simple but easily implementable.
Good job Mr. Bhagat.
Your first non-fiction title is as good as your first fiction based book.Young India, a must read.
When i got the book, I wasn't with much high hopes as my perception was it would be a typical media/political drama which complains about various issues.
I really don't like negative stuff, But this one is way apart from it.
It's such a positive book inspiring all indians to make india a better place to live.Chetan Bhagat's Foray into non-fiction is indeed good.
He has done his part as a citizen of India and a writer.
Irrespective of age, I would suggest this is a one time read at least for all Indians.
We the "Young India" represent a group of baseless and mindless individuals who reads crap that Chetan Bhagat writes .. v represent a congregation of fools that patronize songs like "munni and sheela ki jawani" and listen to every crap that media throws at us .. v go around doing our routine shit business on facebook .. Young India .. if u really knew wht literature is .. u wudn give such positive reviews to horrendous compilation of words written to complement our "show off" habits (tht u cn read english novels).. honestly .more
thn a good writer.
chetan bhagat is a smart marketing guy.. the title of the book would prompt most teenage fools to waste their money ..don't buy this crap..(sold it to a regular garbage guy ..he wouldn buy it half a price .damn
!!)                                                            First of all, for all of you who have read Chetan Bhagat's previous books, you would definitely not search for great literary content when you pick up one of his books.
The author himself claims so! His aim of writing this book was just to voice his opinions about various issues concerning India.
We face those issues everyday, he just  shortlisted them and produced them in a manner any layman would understand.
So for specialists and serious readers, this book is a big NO!
If you read this book from a teenager's point of view, it might make you aware of the various ascepts which makes India a mess at this point of time.
I'm in my early twenties , i didn't find the book boring, neither did it touch me big time.
But i always liked CB's opinions and approach to problems.
A thumbs up for that!
With lots of hopes ,i'd ordered this book.Once booked i kept keeping a check on the shipping !! once received ,i'v read the book immediately ,but it was a huge turn off!!
Even still i am confused ,what he was trying to say.
Mr.Bhagat's idea of 'young idea' is entrenched in seriously baffling taboos .
Going by what he says and writes , 'young' India is just the 'Bhagat-reading' adolescent public , who don't even have the desideratum to read a 'proper' English book .
The Bhagat era ended long ago , once the hype surrounding his debut novel subsided with time .
What he does nowadays is just a travesty of the art of writing in English , by Indians !!!
The articles and essays are readable.
Period.
But what is special about the contents except for the fact that these are written by Chetan Bhagat who is popular at present?
I have written better stories and articles and delivered a thought provoking address to students; But, whenever I send them to any publisher I get either a negative reply or no reply.
In India everything works on luck and nothing else.
Definitely this is not a book who thinks it as the previous books from chetan..This is not a fiction and it is about our own mother India..
The ideas were great.At one minute i felt so disappointed that where we exactly stand and where we are going.
Well... if going by the way people have positively responded to his writings, I must say what he says is true.
The young India wants crap and Mr. Bhagat delivers it the best.
This is the same young India that patronized Sheela ki Jawani and Munni Badnam Huyi.. the same young India which is aimless and clueless... which is all about glamorizing the routine mundanes on FB... the same young India which read Mr. Bhagat to show off their friends that they too can read English novels... for whatever English and reading has come to stand for...and the one which resides in the ghettos (yes, I am using this word in it's exact sense) of Indian metropolis.
Now, if that is the young India that Mr. Bhagat know of (and all that he knows of), then I am sure whatever he writes may make sense... but I FEEL he is pretty clueless about the "young" and the "India"... and like all those in Hindi Cinema world, Mr. Bhagat uses the same "young India" who reads his books, as his pimps who will buy his stuff... and soak is the temporary satisfaction of his words, whereas he.. would be laughing and mocking at them in his high profile living room, baught at the cost of the disorienting his lost "young India".
[I wish I could give it a negative rating]                                                            It covers all serious topics effecting to india and it's struggling situation ,Not a Typicality Chetan Bhagat book.But content of book is goods which represents Indian Current Scenario and it's Problems in form of Que&Ans.
Well then like other books of chetan bhagat of 2states,Revolution2020 fiction books which is very interesting twisting simple excitement this book doesn't contain such thing its simple understandably of very poor situation of India  some ideas some practical problems of India which ignites mind for improvement or to leave India an settle else far....!!!?
I liked the coverage in the book very much.
It is to the point.
Kept engaged throught the book.
Showed new way of looking towards current social issues we all are facing.
I would recommend others to go through this book.
This one his first non-fiction book.With this book Mr. Bhagat is stepping out from his comfort zone and trying to take up a responsibility of being true to a Youth Icon Image.Although i liked that he has raised some of the burning issues impacting our country's economy,politics and society at large,i don't completely agree to the solution's he has suggested especially the one's relating to relationship with our neighbouring countries.Some of the solutions are logical but not possible to implement.It's an ok book but a revolutionary one.
Firstly,thanks for Mr.Chetan for his next book.The book lines are same as my thoughts.Even though i don't know about the financial policies,i wish India should change like Other developed countries.The FDI and Lokpal movement should be implement in India.
Chetan Bhagat, like many other bestselling authors, does not deserve all the accolades that he gets.
This book is a solid remainder of how mediocre his writing skills are.
Although the points he raises are epic, noteworthy, and do seem heartfelt, his writing skills kill any solid interest in the matters he talks about.
If there is any blood-boiling patriotism or urge to change our country that rises from this book, it is not because of the author's excellence in conveying his point, but the inner understanding that the readers have of what he says.
It was difficult to gather enough momentum to even finish the entire book - that is how mediocre the book was.
Brilliant Writing.....
Not only have mentioned the Issues of India...
But has also written what needs to be done to better India.
Enjoyed Reading... Thank U.... Wake Up YOUNG INDIA....  ITS TIME TO CHANGE...                                                            Please do not get fooled by the catchy title.
The issues mentioned in the book are very  rel but the solutions and narrative are equally pathetic.
Probably he was inspired by Aamir Khan's Satyamev Jayate but he fails to make sense in most part of the book.
Good book.
Completely different from chetan's previous writings.
Tries to instill spirit to handle the issues on hand.
Lot of criticism seen on Babus and Nethas(True to the point).
The chapters are small and easy to read.
simple language.
Unlike previous books of Chetan, i am sure its not a book to be finished in one go.
its an extraordinary book which contains many information about India bounded with corruption and also about chetan Bhagat's carrier.He asks many questions and finally gives answer to it, he says about the demand in our country, he compares country and where our Young India lacks, he says about suicide which is commenced annually!!! and he says if we work together we can improve our India,do our vote work for our improvement??? etc...
This book is a deviation from what Chetan Bhagat has been writing.
Its a non fiction-- except the two stories at the end.All most all essays through out the book has similar structure.1.
An intriguing title2.
An introduction to the topic (mostly a social issue)3.
Factors responsible (which is actually just few at the root--- corrupt Politicians, skewed democracy, infrastructure, difference in the aspirations of young and previous generation and how we are left with no choice among parties)4.
Includes some facts and figures supporting explanations (especially when it comes to finance and infrastructural related)5.
Offers some general solution (ie.
advocates change in basis on which we chose political candidates, and some suggestions to Govt and young generation).The essays are small, light and 5-10 minute reading, so you will eventually end up reading the whole book without much effort.
Readers serious about politics and all may find it too shallow (but isn't this fraction is very insignificant.)However,
you can read it if you are a starter, especially if you are a high school/college guy little low at the moment.Happy Reading!                                                            got bored starting reading through the first few pages of CULTURE.
POLITICS got a little interesting but the YOUTH part was just seriously good.
all the education matters he writes about are really good.
that was the part i was certainly interested in.
Lastly the column where he talks about engineers saying lets find out if there is a heart behind the calculator at all....
Although i didn't ordered this book from flipkart but the last books(SHIVA trilogy)which i ordered from flipkart reached me in exact same number of days as said by flipkart(2-3 working days, but as far as the book is concerned...frankly i never expected chetan bhagat would be so tremendous in dealing with the real problems ans issues.
His book has a very strong and positive effect on the reader.. and he has tried his best in stating his point and forced the reader to think about his/her own stand in shaping our country future.
I recommend this book to all the youths of our country.
chetan is best in  fictional part.. but when comes for non non fictional part he fails miserably.. the essays are very ordinary..definitely not suitable for serious reading.. the words has no lifes in it when he feels for social issues..                                 yes a non fiction by best seller Chetan Bhagat , its about making better india for next generations, i got the book super fast through flipkart , i read the same super fast i completed the in two days , came through the tough part of india facing and remedies to get over it , overall a neat & easy to read .
Yet,if your expecting any fiction or same old Chetan Bhagat you sure to disappoint.
its collection of small stories i like a few not all ...                                                             REALLY A MASTERCLASS FROM CHETAN BHAGAT.. REALLY TELLS THE CURRENT SCENARIO IN INDIA AND MOST IMPORTANT THE SOLUTIONS...IF REALLY WILL CHANGE THE ATTITUDE TOWARDS INDIA.BEING HIS IRST NON FICTION BOOK IT HAS ROSE TO THE EXPECTED LEVEL AND AS USUAL THE BOOK IS WRITTEN IN SIMPLE ENGLISH..
I THINK ITS A BOOK U OUGHT TO GIVE IT A TRY..                                it is a gud attempt by chetan bhagat......we can see his interest to change the country while reading the book......hats off to him for writing such a good book which has a great contrast with all his other books.......this may not stand as a best seller coz people prefer fiction dan changing their country                                                            hi,punch into google search PERCEPTION AND RELATIVITY- VADAKAYIL.this
post has been written specially for chetan bhagat.what is ritten in the book -- is NOT what young India wants!like amarya sen , so is chetan bhagat!!capt ajit vadakayil..
The most amateur writing ever!It felt like a compilation of school comprehension essays.If you are into some really good non fiction  like Ghosh or Mukerjee(a different genre though) then you probably won't like this book.But Mr.Bhagat's fan base will not be disappointed I think!
Chetan Bhagat has really presented to us, through this book, many reasons for the failure of India in being a successful nation.The content of the book provokes the urge to want to change the face of the nation India, through strong value structures,a cleaner and a more effective government and definitely the change of self.I am a teenager my self and this book really gives voice to my vision for my country, India.A must read for every Indian, young at age or young at heart, wanting a change in the country towards something better, way better.
Sorry Mr Chetan Bhagat.
What have u written.
How do u get these weird ideas that people wud actually like the stuff u write on topics like social imbalance and the likes.
You r not equipped to handle such themes.
Its out of ur ability.
Please understand and stop wasting our time and money.
Kindly stick to fiction cause it suits you.
Although after 2020, I think u have lost ur grip on that genre as well.
OLD WINE IN NEW BOTTLE.
WHAT A WASTE OF TIME AND ENERGY.
WORSE THAN REVOLUTION 2020 (HELL THAT WAS THE WORST BOOK EVER).
WANNA READ ABT INDIA.
READ GURCHARAN DAS.
READ PANKAJ MISHRA.
PAVAN VERMA.
SANTOSH DESAI.
APJ.
THE LIST GOES ON.
WANNA GET INSPIRED.
READ PRIYA KUMAR.
CHETAN BHAGAT IS HISTORY.
EASILY PAST HIS PRIME.
KEEP WRITING YOUR CRAP FICTION BHAGAT.
THIS GENRE NOT YOUR CUP OF TEA.
When i found out about this book.. i was thrlled.. i thought i would know the answers of the problems faced by indians..but the book has disappointed me..i know it is a non-fiction book but it could have been better..the 5 fiction books written by him were the best i had ever read..so when i bought this book i thought i would be a light,humourous book which would be pleasent to read....i wish it could have been more chetan bhagat like..                                                            Contrary to my expectations ,i was taken aback with what unfolds in the book.We in our daily lives;though lettered and aware of national issues that affect us and in all probablility will make our future tomorrow tend to become so oblivious to.
The book is an explicit narration of the un-addressed national political-economic-social and academic subjects.Each ticking item comes along with a viable solution which provokes the thinking process and ignites the feelings of patriotism.Though much remains desired having written broadly about stigma that we are living today.
" My Great Indian Dream" is contagious and will soon be every one elses who reads this book.
i got this book through flipkart within 3-4 days.....a good book....which even covered a sensitive issues also in beautiful manner........this book makes us to look within us instead of blaming politicians and system....a nice book...tht every indian must read....it included all recent issues.....
In his new book his first in non fiction category he hand picked many issues which are setting India economically socially politically back.He points out the root causes of the issues and also put forwards his views for overcoming it.Surely it's a must read for Indian Youth                                                            This book is a SHIT.. Its NOT MEANT for any intellectual person who even has tiny bit of knowledge .. n who reads newspapers.. Whatever this book says is ofcrse true.. its so factual.. dat I dun undrstnd d need for writing dis book..It comes wid no solution.. atleast nuthn wich an individual can do..except electing gud people... like hw are we supposed 2 promote democracy in pak???
I loathe Chetan Bhagat for wasting my time n watevr money.. disappointed me big time..
He has no brains , no knowledge...PS: Flipkart service was awesome.. got it in 1 day                                                            I bought this book yesterday while my way back home.
I can assure you that the first 10 pages will win your heart.
This is a simple, easy book which opens up all the stuffs an Indian is related to.
Rest is up to you..                                                             The title impress everyone, but when you read through the book it doesn't make impact in the readers mind.
The book revolves around India's Society, Politics and others stuffs.
Chetan Bhagat have conceptually written his thoughts the factual information what people are looking from the book is missing.
The issues wrote down here are really serious and it's has to addressed by some means, in that perspective we can appreciate the author.
This book is not suitable for voracious readers and analyst.
I have read his 5 point some one and found him to be a decent writer.But didnt feel to read his other books.However the title and it being a non-fiction led me to buy this to explore more of his thoughts and get acquainted.The book is well written in form of short stories,essays and letters.The most important thing about the book is it gives simple and realistic solution along with problem it describes.Its far easier to relate to authors experiences.The book maintains civility and neutrality(politically) throughout,and still happens to speak its mind.The letter to Bapu and The Cut-off story are my favourite among others.A good buy.
As always Chetan Bhagat has connected himself again with most of the youths of our country.
As always used to write fictional books but this time for a change he recollected all his articles which he has published in different newspapers like The Times of India or Dainik bhaskar.Many of the people do not have idea about the content which he has mentioned as the serious problem growing in our country.
This book will be really helpful for them but then again all the regular newspaper reader know about all the problems and solution to this thing.The problem still lies at one point who will let the whole mass in the direction of the resolution mentioned in the book.After reading this book, you may feel something incomplete.. like what can you do to make everyone run towards the resolution to all these problems.Book is really good and I will prefer to read more books like these from Chetan Bhagat in furture.
I really dont know what strategy does he opts while writing his books but I dont read his books, his books talk to me.So, again another youth icon has spread his message but the question is still unanswered that when we will react to those messages?
When??                                                            Chetan Bhagat's interest in developing new-age India free of corruptions and better education is highly appreciable.
Although Chetan Bhagat claims to be in neutral position with respect to politics, I seem it is little biased towards Anna Hazare.
As long as Anna Hazare don't start any political party, his stand holds good.
Also Chetan Bhagat's desire to bring our education system world class is really deserved by young India.
Off-course I want to see, the young India wants a better platform to attain gloabl benchmark even to create global benchmarks.Thanks for Chetan's interest in writing a book of this sort.Even the book has been split into three sections, it is unclear about its arrangement even chapters within section.
But the message is conveyed.Yes, the Indians especially the Young Indians need to read.
what is change actually .. ...is explained in it .. n u have to agree with CB's points ..                                 First of all I would like to thank the amazing Flipkart for delivering the book today itself, on the launch date.
Really good... naahhhhhh...
The BEST service as always.
My all time favorite website for shopping.
:-)THIS BOOK IS A MASTERPIECE.CHETAN SIR IS AN AMAZING AUTHOR AND AGAIN COME WITH THE ANOTHER STUNNING BOOK.What you expect from the book's title?
what do you expect our country to be, this book is the greatest work of the author.
He clearly took his role and the step towards the development of the mindset of people.
I agree with the author on the point that, An artist can change the mindset of people and direct them towards the correct path.I would like to congratulate Chetan Sir for writing such a wonderful book.
Really a nice book once must read.for
all who gonna read this - IT IS A MUST READ.
another masterpiece from chetan bhagat.
he has proved that he is the best when it comes to writing.He has proved that not only fiction he can also write non fictional writing.I am becoming a chetan bhagat Enthusiastic.
What Young India wants a collection of CB’s articles is a must read book for all.
CB at the outset made all doubts clear, why is he writing this book (or may be a collection of his articles).
After reading of it you will surely wonder what is wrong with India.
We are the oldest civilization we had Gandhi & Buddha still we are still "developing".
Wide range of topics and some serious thought provoking solutions by CB..Well done CB.
Guys go for it..!!!                                                            Today i could complete this book,First of all thanks to Flipkart for such speedy and quality service.Flipkart is a boon for books reader.About books,author has represented India very interestingly.Now i can say this book will help to reform india.Thanks to CB sir too.
Hey Lee is back....The Book is very good in terms of the political issues and social issues that has been discussed in this book is very long termed perspected and the solution given in this book is very simple and sophisticated....I really didn't believed that a fiction author can write this kind of non-fiction book not at all giving  a bit chance of a loopholes in his discussion......When i started Reading this book i was dumb stucked by the style of writing that the Chetan has used in this book......As i can say is that "THE CHETAN IS AN AMAZING AUTHOR AND AGAIN COME WITH THE ANOTHER STUNNING BOOK"Gopi Lee                                                            You will find yourself with many questions that you tried to understand and answer.(Not
that the answers from the author are the solutions, but will definitely put you in a direction towards an answer)The first thing to do to answer a question is to understand the question, which often results in a roadblock, and Chetan uses some naive but still effective analogies.The simplicity of the content presented leaves you with a longing for more details.**********For
people who don't believe in newspapers.
For the potential few who've been criticizing this work by Chetan must realize that this book is meant to be a stepping stone for the vital masses, who can now stop and notice what the hell is happening around them.
Not everyone has the possibility to read columns and hear Chetan's speeches.
It clearly points out where we Indians  are, where we are heading, what is our true potential and some bitter truths about our policies.
Must read for each Indian                                                            A MUST read, well composed and EXCELLENTLY put together!
With a bit of a hitch in Revolution 2020(which although had its heart in the right place), our very own Chetan Bhagat is back with a bang!!!
A handbook to a better India, a knockout blow to the corrupted system, a call to the reconstruction of India, THIS is What Young India Wants!!!
I would like to congratulate Mr.Chetan Bhagat for writing such a wonderful book.
Really a nice book once must read.
Don't know, who will take this as a serious concern.
We say, this country is in hands of youth and young generation but is it really happening.
Is this society, people, politics allow to do goods things in this nation.
It's all a question mark.
I request people to read this book and convey this world that what is needed by young generation.
What you expect from the book's title?what do you expect our country to be,this book is the greatest work of the author.He clearly took his role and the step towards the development of the mindset of people.i
agree with the author on the point that,An artist can change the mindset of people and direct them towards the correct path.In India where there are many complaints and issues and every common man wanna solve these issues and don't know how and where to start this book would certainly be their dream.I thank the author for his wonderful work                                                            Thank you so much CB for the first non-fiction in the same style...Reading as well as writing style is simply amazing...the way you have raise the issues and there solutions are worth implementing..A result of extemsive research for sure..Thanks                                                            Its a different aspect of his writing and i loved it as all other of his fiction books...The need of this hour has been clearly depicted by him .Simply its just awesome and definitely sir ....the Great Indian Dream is mine too from now and will always be...not just as a dream but in reality too.
Chetan Bhagat has been successful to capture each and every issue that is plaguing the Indian society.
This is his first Non-fiction work and i must say that he has done a terrific job in penning it down.
Hi CB Fans,I always wondered after hordes of senseless 100-pagers by copycats of Chetan Bhagat's style of writing, what CB would come up with now But CB(like always)proves a point with his non-fiction detour that he ventures into this time...What differs his piece of this writing from an elite class' living-room discourses on India's problems is with every problem he also suggests a remedy (which all readers may not agree with)..We look forward to more such meaningful stuff from you CB..Like always..CB Rocks!!                                                             Chetan Bhagat has wrote an excellent book apart from fiction its super from the beginning.
It was the first non- fiction book wrote by him.
i have allthe books wrote by him.
i am the huge fan of CB.And then thanks to flipkart for giving me on launch date itself.
The book is two hour reading - as good as reading a film magazine cover to cover.
CB has written a completely opinionated, non-substantiated, piece of junk.
Having said that, this will be another blockbuster as we love reading junk pieces of opinions anyway.Dont spend 98 bucks!
Can I give less than 1 stars?
The points that CB has elaborated in his book are not new.
Any frustrated youth would know what he is trying to say.
We've just not been listening to ourselves.
But with this book, CB has shown us a mirror and made us think of what we are and what we are doing.Thanks CB !!
Not good, not for those who prefer serious reading, as a famous columnist and all that he is expected to give more detailing to each topic, this is just a loose collection of some words put together, if the detailing was more in depth, would have made more sense, good for people who have never picked up newspapers or magazines but those who are aware with the ongoings around will find nothing new, lame examples too, I mean kareena kapoor from jab we met?, there are better people and better examples mr Bhagat, The most disappointing book by him so far.
my book was delivered today, and to my own surprise i've already finished it...it is a first of its kind for all and the author as well...Chetan has always written fiction and all of his books were  of a personable nature but THIS is totally different...i may be 17 but im an avid reader...does this book really represent "WHAT YOUNG INDIA WANTS" well that is yet to be seen...so far i just feel the way Aamir Khan played his part of being in this society, Chetan Bhagat has done the same, but in his own style, through an effective book...it'll be fun to find out how my friends react to this book...as given in page 24 "WHAT INDIA NEEDS IS A COURSE OF ANTI-BIOTICS;CROCIN IS JUST NOT WORKING",the same way is this book a course of anti-biotics or just another odd crocin that we take??but what catches my mind is "MY GREAT INDIAN DREAM"...it inspires everyone to have a dream...a good book but if it is a must read??hmm...i doubt that...
A Not so young Indian thrilled to receive book by her favourtie author Chetan Bhagat on her office desk on the day of its launch.Getting set to read...sure another blockbuster in the offing!will share more after reading it.
awesome book specially the last short story regarding cut off's.chetan
bhagat has just hit the nail on the head with that story.and the columns are awesome each giving a lesson to learn in the end.overall
rating 5/5                                                            Not good as his earlier books,but yes it creates some impact on Indian minds.Its purely upto the readers how they take it.Through the book, chetan has discussed all the negative aspects of the political and social systems in insightful manner.
He has asked hard questions, demanded answers and presented solutions for a better, more prosperous India.
Firstly, Thanks to flipkart to deliver the book on the release day itself.. Getting the book on the release day at your doorstep at discount price, really awesome..!!About the book, Chetan has again showed why he is one of the top 100 influential persons in the world.
Crisp writing, with facts and a sense of humour, makes me his hardcore fan!!Awesome book.. Will open up the face of actual India more broadly..                                                            Firstly i would like to thank Flipkart for delivering the book today itself, on the launch date.
Really good service as always.Now talking about the book.
Its just amazing the way Chetan has brought up issues and the level and way he has thought about it.
Its actually good to hear views from a person who has seen soo much in life, and is a rational person at heart.Chetan has taken random issues you would find in daily news and related them with his life and potrayed them in such a beautiful manner that you can actually relate it to yourself and amazingly blend in what he has written in the book.
You can actually move in parallel on what he is thinking is correct, authentic and makes sense.Yes India is what he mentions on the book, its a rational way to describe what India has become and what we all are making it and has asked us to change it.
Step up and make a move.
Be open minded and change things for the long term.I would highly recommend this book to anyone who once in his life wanted to change things for his/her country.
Rating - 5/5                                 gt it 2day frm flipkart!
itz a really nice book with actualy what fouces on the real issues INDIA is facng rite now! though being a non-fiction u really get into the book eventually!thumps up for CHETAN BHAGAT!
First of all many thanks to flipkart team for delivering it to me on time on the day it got released.
After reading this book, Now I understand why we people are more addicted to Chetan Bhagat's writing.
He exemplify serious issues in such a brilliant Indian handwriting that you cannot stop youself without completing his books in one go...
Even though this is his first non-fiction book but indeed is the best!
He has thoroughly researched on the cause of problems our nation is facing today, also enlightens in simple manner on how we can deal with these issues in his own brilliant way of narrating it.
Its a must a read!
I hope we see that India which is sketched in this book.
Preordered (1st time), got the deilvery and finished reading.
last two in the same breath.
Awesome flow, smooth as cadbury silk, no speed breakers.
@Chetan - ye dil maange more.....let these refreshing things come....Hats off to flipkart, am an addict now.
Another BESTSELLER from Chetan.
completed half of the book really enjoyed it .
also the introduction given at the beginning gives a good peek into his life .
u should consider writing more non fiction.
flipkart WELL DONE guys keep it up ..... luv u flipkart .
!!!                                                            Its an awesome book.
Completed it in one go.
Its worth 98 bucks.
Chetan Bhagat has really done a great job.
One should definitely buy this.
Though there is no age limit for reading this but if you are a teenager or young adult then you will definitely enjoy it..
