 
                                A sex-love-story
Everything power packed in this amazing novel.
the popularity of this novel is the vindication of its content.                            
 
                                The story writing style is fluid and interesting, though not too engrossing!The characters seem quite similar..in fact I thought I was reading parts of Twilight !!
The sex, though is pretty awful! The male lead was a complete chauvinist. He likes to inflict pain on women because he got a rough deal from life!!! Really??!!


 
                                I got this as a birthday gift and finished it within 3 days. After that, I gave it to a friend who was very much willing to read it. Before and after I handed the book over, I warned her several times of the obscenity and the extremity of the novel. But she said she'd be more broad-minded! :P

Grey is almost every "broad-minded" girl's ultimate fantasy dude! He's hot, rich, good at "the thing", dominating, possessive, has a dark past, has his own company and of course, being the CEO, he has all the time in the world for his girlfriend. He's perfect in what he does. He's sick, a mood-shifting psycho and bossy in reality. Oh! And he has his own BSDM playroom and a myriad of fetishes. 

The baseline revolves around plain old "ordinary girl-rich guy" affair concept only Grey isn't capable of one thing she wants! Love!

Being open-minded myself, I had no problem with 500+ pages of sex, though sometimes it was too redundant and frustrating. It isn't a piece of literature and I didn't read it considering it to be one. I read it as someone elaborating his/her sexual fantasies. That's why I enjoyed it!

People might say that the author is just obsessed with sex. I just say that it's just Indian mentality of shunning the idea of it. The writing might not be that good but she tries to bring out a BSDM fan's fantasies. That's all. 

Remember, even after knowing that this is an erotic novel, people around the world bought 70 million copies and 30 million in the US. C'mon! You seriously didn't do your research before buying the book if you thought this was going to be some mushy fairy tale love story.

I did find the certain usages of word too redundant like "Jeez", "Flush/Blush", "Grey". I know Mr. Grey is all Grey. I don't need to be reminded. And we know that Miss Steele flushes/blushes every time something happens. 

Reading it made me feel like a teenager again, where I didn't have to judge grammar, usage of words, criticism, etc. It's meant to be an erotic novel and the author succeeded in making it so, even if she sounded like a sex freak.

I will not say that I was disgusted reading the book. Okay, I was disgusted at Christian Grey in the beginning. But, I found it amusing nevertheless! :P                            
 
                                I am not a big fan of fiction books and this proved me that better i should go for non fiction.
Full of pornography, being kinky, Grey is so handsome and Anna wants so much of him and finally inner Goddess of Anna.
Bad bad read.


 
                                E L James provokes a fantasy so strong that one wants to make it real !!

They call it "Mommy Porn". They call it "Cinderella on Steroids" I call it "Extremely Romantic Budding Love: American Style”!! Oh-so-handsome oh-so-rich oh-so-possessive and dangerously-in-love with the oh-so-innocent Ana, that's Mr Grey for me!! His chasing the sun-rise with her, his flying 2500 miles to see her just after a day's meet, his sweet jealousy, his possessive moves.. blew me off my feet, completely !!
A super-fast read, 514 pages in exactly 2 days, a sensuous romance just spoiled me!!
Waiting for the next 2!!                            
 
                                Really surprised how this book became a bestseller.Maybe good marketing gimmicks. It is just porn. Could not complete the series.The author is obsessed with sex . She started writing a fairy tale novel, ended up writing just bad porn. The continuous and detailed explanations of the scenes make you feel sick                            
 
                                I am an avid reader of all genres of books.I bought this book from flipkart ,instigated by the mixed reviews which it has on flipkart.Trust me,i didn't make any mistake.
The storyline which the author has chosen is a lil different and probably has tried to mix passion ,fury ,politics and career.This in itself is a different writing and personally for me,it was a good read.
It may not be one of the best ever novels which you can go gaga about and read over and over again,but it definitely deserves one read ,and nothing is lost.
The flipkart delivery and packaging was once again flawless and i shall be ordering more books of the Fifty shades series soon :).Happy reading                            
 
                                I bought this book out of sheer curiosity to know why has this book been a rage lately. the only thing that this book proves correctly is the SEX always sells. The author has bombarded the reader with sexual descriptions on every third page and it becomes boring after a while. Many times during the reading of this book i got a feeling that the author has been craving to get spanked by someone in her life and BDSM has been her fantasy. Well not to sound too rude she surly deserves to be spanked for making me shell out money to buy her book. This is the first book in my reading life that i haven't completed and i really have no intention of buying the other books in the series...                            
 
                                I literally have never read a book as fast as I did this one, however it was not because it was written so well. Many times I would stop and question how in the world the author could even let the gibberish out of her mouth. She repeats the same sentences and phrases many times, to the point of it becoming obnoxious, and she doesn't seem to understand that sex does NOT equal love. However, this book was intriguing and had me hooked since the first elevator scene. Still, I was kind of sketched out about the whole situation since I have never heard of anyone being that insane. it's all in all a good book, but I wouldn't recommend it to anyone who is under the age of eighteen.                             
 
                                One word, "Very Monotonous...!!" Only one thing to desribe on the book. The story has been dragged by all ends too far. Never kept me at it through out. And, those who think this to be an erotic read, please asbtain. 

There are far more better Indian reads. Glance over Khushwant Singh's "The Company Of Women"                            
 
                                I didn't find the story convincing enough, I believe people are just creating hype about it. I believe many established and new Indian authors are better in expressing feelings and emotions. I bought this some books from flipkart and found it paisa wasool entertainment.

Two states- Chetan bhagat 
Chockolate Sauce- Arpit Vageria
That's the way we met- Sudeep nagarkar
I too had a love story- Ravinder singh                            
 
                                Didn't buy this buy from flipkart though but enjoyed reading it. Being a twilight lover, the similarity is a normal girl falling in love with an abnormal, extremely rich handsome dude. Except that there is nothing common about these. The erotic scenes are interesting read, you go in your own fantasy world after reading. Not recommended for a literature lover, but recommended for females like me who enjoy reading these different love stories and relish the out of the love making scenes.                            
 
                                My first novel of the author, a plot very different and events unwind at a pace that you cannot keep the book down. Though at one point I felt the sexual escapades could have been less explicit, but then as the bollywood directors claim for the masala in their film, this was the demand of the plot. Overall a good novel, i have already ordered flipcart for the other two books in the series - Fifty Shades darker & Fifty shades Freed                            
 
                                Hi,
This is biggest surprise of my life so far. How did this pathetic work of EL James become a worldwide best seller? I'm short of words to describe the filthy quality of literature that has been dished out in the form of Fifty Shades. Personally I could not go beyond the first 80-100 pages. It not only a bad/weak story but it also lack creativity and imagination. I'm still wondering as to what did people love so much about this novel or is it just an example of smart/ intelligent marketing? I could not find single reason to appreciate this book, its a poor quality work on every count i.e. if you want to read erotica there is better stuff available, if want story line then this is a miserable failure, and it is not even a great fantasy or adventure plot.
Please do not waste your time and money on this book.                            
 
                                Yes, this is what I would like to call the book. Love and Lust has been very well written and would love to read the next two books and complete my quench for the story. Love the description of Ana and Grey and their chemistry! :)                            
 
                                i read this book volume I. to have sex on agreement treating woman as the submissive and man as the dominant, giving clauses for agreeing to mild torture and punishment in case of failures is idiotic and illogical. as such the book does deserve the merit given. however,  man can learn many new ways to effectively satisfy woman on bed. superb narration. the book is not boring at all to read.                              
 
                                I found the book interesting and funny. Especially interesting is Ana's character sketch, which as depicted is that of a young and carefree individual. Her monosyllables are catchy, witty and rightly define an individual of her age. Christian, though a sinister portrayal does not come across as threatening or repulsive.

The book deals with psychological aftermath of a disturbed childhood. The depiction of Christians personality in the light of his described past is dealt very well with no stress put on the nasty details. The story of his past seems convincing and supports the various shades of persona. 

Finally it is a young love story, erotic to a level though the repetitiveness and extreme spontaneity of it seems overdone at some times but definitely not a put off. 

With the bold step of Ana to not bend to the whims and fancies of Christian and exercise her right to leave him in-spite of being totally besotted by him says that the book has definitely a feminine storyline and so may appeal more to women than to men. Perhaps all of us women see a little bit of Ana in us !                            
 
                                A lot of people would say that the book is silly, its a teenager stuff or other thousand things. But here is what i feel, E L James has crafted a wonderful story about a woman whose dream come true when she meets Grey. The story is almost realistic, like it can happen to anyone. All the erotic or raunchy is just a part of this book, its more to do with the story hidden underneath.

So if you want to read a great story with some spice, this is your best pick. This is so much better than other erotic books i have read. I have read all 3 parts and 1st and the last part were my personal favorites. Story lose out a bit in the 2nd part but if you plan to read the 3rd part then you will have to tolerate the 2nd one too :). All in All wonderful book by E L James, looking forward for more books from her...                            
 
                                this book is interesting, totally addictive this is a good book how ever the story in in about only 300 pages.this book is a book most liked by the teens 
this book is however no match with the jack reacher and all but althouh you will find it interesting..............................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................                            
 
                                So engrossing and engulfing ...its surely going to  take you out of your mind. The way EL James has presented everything its really fascinating. There is more and more to the theme of 50 shades of Grey.                            
 
                                The best sex books till the day I read:P the scenes are mentioned so beautifully in the book 
1 Fifty shades 
2 Journey of two hearts
3 Lieport
xoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxo                            
 
                                I did not find this book upto my expectation. Plot is repetitive and irritating at times. The book is fraught with erotic scenes, but the one's that doesn't captivate you. People looking for a literary content won't find it gud. However, it was good enough to kill time for me.                             
 
                                Dont read this book, full of crap.Not a single thing is good abt this book.Seems like this book is written by a teenager who fantisises sex and have wrong notions abt it by reading such crap books.No romance,only fantasy.So much repetition.
"A very rich,young guy, a virgin girl.Meet each other.Have sex.Girl have so many orgasms, even when the guy takes her name...BS..."

Have to give a rating hence giving 1,else 0 stars.                            
 
                                Having heard a lot about the trilogy by E.L. James, I picked up the first in the series, 50 shades of Grey. Although I had been warned by many that this book is not better than soft porn in the written form, I still wanted to give it a read with an open mind. Initial few pages/chapters, as the love story progressed, it seemed gripping. But with each following chapter, the depiction of extreme BDSM and repeated language to highlight the sexual frustration building up between the actors, got way too irascible. I had to literally push myself to the last page of the book. This one can be easily missed. It is nothing more than the author's frustration translated into a book which might get to the readers as well. And to say the least, it is no better than soft porn. Yuck! Thumbs Down.                            
 
                                i had herd a lot abt this frm my frnds so i bought it and 1 thing i shld say tht this book has  a vry low strting . bt as u go on redin it further u would enjoy it ( teenagers ). this book has not a really gud story .....its jst abt a milionaire and abt his extraordinary relationship wth anastasia , and d main prt his desires . d bst part of this book is tht d ending is done in such a way tht it will build an eagerness 2 red d nxt prt                         but still this book is good fr teenagers  and d adults may find this a bit boring                             
 
                                It did not stand on my expectation.I really enjoyed the first 30 pages...after that it was all crap.i don't know how it has become a best seller.Its all about lust and very repetitive. The story is also silly. Really had a bad experience. My head is aching after reading it.                             
 
                                I bought this with extremely high hopes, it being featured as the best seller, I find a Mills and Boons with a lot more of graphic descriptions. Loads of teenage "big", "geez", and the word "BDSM", though it doesn't even do anything on the topic. Its just the fantasy of a love lorn woman, but yes it is addictive. To be very honest it is not something I will read over and over again. Its just about fine for a one time read. The story is clichéd, of this young girl and her concepts of Mr. Right and Mr, Wrong. The inner demons of the man is just normal for any person. Nothing I find worth mention but yes the graphic description of all the hours spent together is quite in detail. It is very addictive, that much I can give to this book.

Frankly I am quite disappointed.                             
 
                                I am hooked...Thanks E L James for making a generation of women aware of their sexual prowess despite the politics of it!! The writing is clear on the Wall...WOMEN CHOOSE!!!! take it or leave it! Meanwhile....i need to relax and breathe normally!! This book is explosive, sex-citing and sensual....(especially chapter 11)!!! Why pretend when we all know why we're reading this hyped (and rightfully so) trash!!!                            
 
                                if you only loved the few pages of sex in  Chetan Bhagat novels example  five point to some one , three mistake of life etc etc
then this book is for you 
else
 waste of money    
and flipkart service is amazing                                
 
                                The only good thing about the book i liked was the way the James has composed the entire book in the present tense. The book could have been more realistic if it had brought out sensible romance or even emotional angle rather than just sexual relationship between Christian and Ana. Ana is not a small town Indian girl of the nineties... the way she has been projected in the novel that she blushes every single minute and  bites her own lips. No man will like this even though its full of lust because here lust is badly portrayed. Women will not like it because, they don't like to be ill-treated by the man they love...even if it means during sex also. I  would not be buying the second and the third part.                             
 
                                If you  want erotica go buy a guys mag... or surf the net for *orn. 

Why are you wasting good time trying to read something like this? For gods sake it doesnt even have pics!!

waste of money.  Porn  in a book form, and bad at that!                            
 
                                The book is certainly not one for the conventionalist. BDSM is probably the safest way the author could have added quirk to Grey's character. Much better than making him a serial killer with a secret or some Ted Bundy type of a psychopath / sociopath. 

Therefore, take BDSM as a background and explore the intensity of this book. I have been floored in parts. I totally love the intensity of the characters, especially Ana's love for Grey and her predicament over his expectations from the relationship.

The author could have avoided the repetitiveness at quite a few places. Her lack of creativity in creating an aura around the Grey character, her over usage of some words, her inability to build a vivid picture in the readers mind while she describes the character or the setting (in parts) left me slightly irritated. 

But all in all, i liked the book and would certainly look forward to reading Part 2. Wanted to give 3.5 stars but unable to do so. i does not deserve a 4 thus I am settling for a 3.                            
 
                                Dont know how I picked up this book, it's one of the worst I have ever come across. Total waste of money, nothing apart from S** and that too very artificial, without any story line, reading the book seemed like watching a third grade porn movie....                            
 
                                God awful book. Thank god i didnt pick the trilogy. It has no story, no plot, and absolutely no emotion. Its a flat, badly written piece of trash that is only selling because of huge marketing spends. Please don't waste your time or money. After reading memoirs of a geisha by a male author one would expect some kind of a new incite from e.l.james. Just a souped up Erotic M&B. Which i will pick any day over this because atleast i know what to expect.                             
 
                                pick it up , you wont put it down ;) , my friends forced to get this and since everyone was reading it , i just had to as well ... yes sure part of its seem a tad to cheesy , but don't expect the finest literature , just a great experiential book                             
 
                                Well, definitely the book is different, actually the it's the genre. The book is simple, yes the emphasis is on sex/erotica. The readers looking for lit./quality/fiction should not have bought the book. I found this book a good and entertaining piece.                               
 
                                Before buying this book I had lots of expectation on this book. But, its really not worth for going next parts and all. its like masala Indian love story. 

The way of story telling also its not that great, very usuall, i would say bathetic.                             
 
                                This is probably one of the worst books I have tried and failed reading! The writing is atrocious- even Mills and Boon gets it better.  I didn't wait to discover if there was a story/plot, instead after skimming through 40 odd pages, decided to give up!                            
 
                                Why isn't there an option to give 0 starts? Cos thats exactly what this book deserves. It is one of the worst books I have ever read and thats not because of the theme. I wonder if there was an editor for the book... 
Bella (or is it Anna, honestly can't tell the difference between the two), is a not so smart, not so beautiful, not ambitious, clumsy girl who's only goal in life is to please Edward (jeez, I mean Christian). How could that be the lead character of a book? And I am so not going into the super gorgeous, super rich, pilot/musician/linguist Christian with a kinky sex life. And conservative Anna is all into BDSM all of a sudden!
The phrases are annoyingly repetitive. Heck! Hasn't she heard of a thesaurus?! Anna is always either flushing or blushing or rolling her eyes or biting her lips. Half way down the book, I got more interested in how many times Anna says "Oh my", "Jeez", any variant of "Crap"/"Holy Crap"/"Double Crap"/"Holy Shit", than I was in the plot (that might also be because there is no plot!). Oh! And did I mention? None of the charecters ever speak normally in the book. They either "mutter" or "murmur" or "whisper".
AH! And the unbelievably annoying INNER GODDESS and the SUBCONSCIOUS... One more appearance of one of the two and I would have thrown the book across the room.
Well anyway the book is not worth buying. Cos if you do, you willmost probably just skim through most of the pages like I did. So if you are really curious to know what the hype is all about, I suggest you borrow the book from someone who owns it and read. And chances are, someone you know will surely has the book seeing as it is a bestseller (Seriously?).                            
 
                                The book often described as an erotica or risque novel has something 'more'(you will know when you read it)to offer to any incurable romantic. This is modern day saga of love, heavily peppered with carnal desires of the protagonists. A story is about LUST at first sight. Ana and Grey share an unseen pull towards each other which they discover in the very first meeting. The story unfolds the dark desires which lurk somewhere in every men and craved by every women, though the extents may vary for every individual. Grey embarks Ana onto a journey of love and passion which enchants and disturbs Ana at the same time. Grey's irresistible charm swoops Ana off her feet, despite of her snarling subconscious and  dancing inner goddess, she allows herself into Grey's realm of ardor and mystery.  What she discovers later scares her as well as pulls her to enigmatic yet dramatic 'stalker' Grey. 

The amorous love making details of Ana and Grey and the 'linguistic gymnastic' competition  via emails provide readers peep into the psyche of  of the two lovers, who both have to tread upon many 'firsts' with  each other.

A book dealing with an ancient feeling called love set in a modern mileu.                            
 
                                After reading so much hype around this novel, I picked up a copy in LHR paying 8 pounds. To my bad luck, I started disliking its story line(just adult crap) even before I landed. If you enjoy reading adult story, then only buy it. I read a review it has become hit due to many women in age group of 40+ finding it interesting.                            
 
                                I have read all three books of this trilogy and i must say its a must read for all women who love their man and are romantic and imaginative at heart! Christian is a man we can find within our man and we all have an Ana hidden in us. This book will make you realise the richness of true love physical and mental both and make you fall in love again... It makes me love my man more... My fifty shades!                            
 
                                Waste of time & waste of money.This girl is simply whore & the guy 
is a son-of-a-bitch...Basically it's a porn book where within every 5 pages at least 4pages are about sex......All the 3 parts can be combined within 1 book of hardly 150 pages......The writer includes sex to increase the width of each volume......cann't rate even 1......it should be .05!!!!!!                            
 
                                A brilliant tool to know who to stay away from. You see those people admiring and lavishing exalts at this 'phenomenal piece of art and sensuous literature' and lo, there's your cue! 

Somehow 'crap' just doesn't do it.


 
                                This book is glorified Erotica, sex in almost every other page.

The book has no substantive story.A big industrialist is portrait as a sex maniac.I did not enjoy the book at all.Keep away from your children.

Damodar Nawka


 
                                I guess that would be a perfect caption for the book. It seems like a extension of Twilight series. The confused female protagonist and the hero with issues that cannot be shared. Both are from different worlds and want the other to enter their world. Read if you like erotica and Mills and Boons... Nothing new to offer though :(                            
 
                                you definitely need to be female to appreciate this book. Even though this book has been in the news because of the genre it pertains to ('erotic fiction') and has been dubbed as mummy porn (although what is so good about porn for your mother I fail to understand), but sex scenes aside, it still is a very engaging and interesting read and you just can't keep yourself from falling for Christian Grey (however screwed up he may be portrayed). Hope this helps.                            
 
                                I bought the Trilogy and Couldnt even complete the First book. Its Crap! The first book I couldnt complete as its so boring! My money in buying the trilogy is completely wasted.. :(
FlipKart delivery was really good though.                            
 
                                Yeas its an erotic novel... and it satisfies that... The people who are taking this as the literature: You got this book only for literature??? huh!! 
Secondly if you switch to the perspective of having a firmness in the character you can learn from Christian Grey... and mildness and shyness that a lady observes(which we take somethings for granted for few girls) can be seen in Anastisia... The prompt gentleman-ness can be learned from Grey's character... 

So have the other perspective....

PS: would recommend you buying the Audio Book of the same and you'll feel the tone of the sentences and not focus on the grammar... which is still immaculate... People are cursing this book cause they dont find enough literature... FYI: you do not find much literature in a novel with conversations...                             
 
                                This is an adult (X-rated) version of a regular romance novel. The story line is a good one, but has been dragged and frankly, all three parts could have been fit into a single book - which would have vastly improved it. To top off the disappointment, the writing style is only so-so, and in some parts even juvenile. The first book is an OK read, the second slows down (though it answers questions from part 1) and I don't think the third is worth reading at all!
However, I do know people who have enjoyed the trilogy, so, read it only if you have a lot of free time to kill.


 
                                It certainly doesn't come as a surprise at all that the book is penned by a first time author, E.L. James. The book provides erotic satisfaction to the fullest, but people looking to read it as literature are just on the wrong perspective. The author is British and the English that she uses is lucid and immaculate. But the lovemaking descriptions are too explicit, so much so that after reading the first fifty pages, I was tempted to turn over to 100+ pages to savor the scenes, as the first few chapters are harmless. This book should be at least a 100 miles away from children. Go for it. . . It will take your imaginations to a all new level. But beware!!                               
 
                                If you want to waste your time in sugar coated pron..go through it..you will neither get the sugar nor the porn. The content ia lousy, the description is poor and the fact is SHIT. So my advise..dont waste money on it                            
 
                                Those are the words Anastasia Steele uses most in the book and that almost sums up how the book is. I purchased this book to know what the hype is all about but was thoroughly disappointed. It is hardly romantic and liberating as it proclaims. Infact it gets repetitive and boring. Even the writing is substandard, with words getting repeated so many times that it is repelling like 'scalp prickling', 'holy cow', 'grey eyes' to name a few. An overdose of sex alone cannot make the readers interested with such pathetic narration. Holy crap!!                            
 
                                A SIMPLE WRITING FOR APPEALING TO ALL...THE BOOK STARTS WITH  A SIMPLE YET INTERESTING WRITING AND GOES DEEP WITH EVERY TURNING OF THE PAGE..............MUST READ FOR ALL IN OR OUT OF LOVE... HAPPY READING...:)                            
 
                                Considering the fact that there has been so much hype regarding the book, I decided to give it a go. Needless to say, it was not the brightest thing to do. Those going gaga over it clearly have no taste in literature. The plot is downright foolish. The characters are even worse. I couldn't read more than two pages without getting a headache. It was really masochistic of me to try and finish the entire book. If one wants to read erotica, I would recommend 'Venus In Furs' or even 'Lolita', not this over-hyped and crass work disguised as a "novel"                            
 
                                I bought the book to see what the hype was all about.. It isn't as bad as some reviews here state, but the writing is really amateurish.. Seriously, ''holy cow'' ''oh my'' repeated over and over again in the book, makes you wonder if the writer is a 13 year old and also spoils the intensity..I laughed out loud when I read it.. it's entertaining but could've been much better...                            
 
                                I bought book I, coz i wasnt sure what to expect. But I couldnt keep the book down. Its not that the writing is exceptional and it is not that I am learning anything.. but the book is interesting, different and something makes you wanna continue reading. I ordered the entire set and am almost done with all. It drags a little in the middle but overall a good timepass. I wouldnt mind buying more such books :)                            
 
                                The book isn't fast paced
The erotica is copied from different movies and fantasized unnecessarily.
The characters are strong and impact the mind of the reader.

Such kind of books distract the youngsters and make them get addicted to pornography.
Strictly meant for 20 years and above( Indian readers)


 
                                Not a great book but some what interesting.

It contains full of sex scenes and fantasy of Teenagers and also it explains some of kama sutra and wild sex tips.

please don't buy with high expectations......


 
                                First of all, I'd seriously judge someone I saw reading this book. Not because of the theme it is supposedly touching on but because of the lack of any depth and the distasteful, poorly written "scenes" in the book. Don't kid yourself, you're just reading low grade porn! 

I just got to about 50 pages, skimmed through the rest and decided this wasn't worth my time. I mean, this book is SOOO bad that even the fifty pages i read, mid-way I started skipping the BORING descriptions and just reading the conversations because that seemed to be the only worthwhile thing to read to make out where this story was going. Infact, worthwhile is a total exaggeration, half the time Ana is saying "oh my" or talking about how much she likes "english things". I wish she was real so I could beat her to death with this book. One conversation which stuck with me is this totally inane one between her and Christian where there are four lines and it goes something like:

"is the room big?"
"big"
"big?"
"it's big."

WHAT IS THAT?! 

ANOTHER reason why NOBODY should be reading this book is because it's fan fiction of Twilight. EL James wrote this story as a Bella/Edward story and just switched all the names. Google: snowqueen icedragon master of the universe - There! you don't even have to pay for this book!

Maybe I didn't get far enough to know what's so messed up about Grey but I honestly don't believe it's something spectacularly interesting and I don't believe that there really is much character development, albeit EL James has written quite a lengthy trilogy. However, I have no interest in finding how this ends because there is nothing interesting about the characters! Ana is a spineless boring person and Grey is a billionaire with weird sexual fetishes, this MAYBE could have been something on the lines of the cult classic Story of O (I haven't read that, but i hear it's good) but EL James is not the writer for that considering her inspiration to write is someone like Stephanie Meyer!                            
 
                                The book is one of the worst books i have read. No plot, drab language and the basis of the story is just not clear. I really do not know why everyone is so excited about this book. Its just a waste of money!! :/                            
 
                                I don't know how such rubbish books become so famous. It is a crap in real sense. The whole series appears to be a garbage. It has only sexuality. I don't know how such rubbish books become so famous. It is a crap in real sense. The whole series appears to be a garbage. It has only sexuality.                            
 
                                Nothing like it. Surely, it formerly transpired as any regular twilight fanfiction with merely the same characters, I must assure you, the plot, characterization, and writing stand on an absolute negative when actually compared to the vampire saga. (I'm a fan of the latter, should you worry about what I'm saying holds bias.) 

The series, a far cry indeed from the attention that it seems to be acquiring. Broke the sales record of Harry Potter? Definitely the most ludicrous as it can get. But the downright slamming, and all that harsh criticism is becoming pretty tough to grasp. 
Many say the story holds no actual design or plot. I'll say, it's actually the genre that fixes the so said glitch. 

A seemingly count by count narration by the main character, the innocent Anastasia Steele, of how she's trapped into the alluring realm of Christian Grey; unable to escape inspite of what she finds later- his darkest secret. Comparing her to Bella'd be damn straight outrageous. You cannot possibly compare their situations. A vampire and a Billionaire slash sadistic sex dominant even though he doesn't want to admit it? Surely two different people. 
And only there are no vampires or magick driven.....things, doesn't rule out the notion that it has a story! It's much more based on real life. 

The chemistry is, in a word, breathtaking. The darkness about it, equally enticing. And even if Ana seems to be all heads over heels for Grey, her common sense, or at least all of what's expected of her is still intact; at least how it's shown as the first part wraps up. Of course, one who can see past all that bigotry is left for wanting more. 

Just like I read somewhere, a great catch for literature/porn lovers.                             
 
                                The book is good to read.It will keep you more exhilataring and you will have fun.
But, this book just desrcibes BSDM relationship in all the 3 volumes and at last is the Indian movie masala.
As the same things have been continued pages one after the another , you will get bored of reading.                            
 
                                Good read! You can't put down the novel you reach the last page. End was boring, as if the author wants to do a trilogy.  You will feel it is a mixture of Twilight Saga and a Dark novel.  Overall a good one.  Flipkart service was awesome!                            
 
                                awesome novel..well detailed,quite intimate
A must read to refresh your senses.
I wanted to order all the three books together but that option hadn't come up...missed a bargain!
Another Twilight/Harry Potter/Lord of the rings/hunger games in the making....


 
                                nothing special about the novel..just a waste of time except the erotic parts of the novel..seriously guys ..the novel is full of useless,repeated  adjectives..it gets more n more irritating as you read.. well i dont know how it became so popular...                            
 
                                Its simply awesome book... must read... cheers to flipkart... Flipkart gave me this book in a real cheap price... Thanks you Flipkart... This book is worth reading.... Lots of controversies are there about this book... but believe me its really a nice book.... Its not a simply dreamy kind of love story.. Its something different than other love stories.... It shows some other views.... Reall nice story....                            
 
                                A very good and addictive read as was mentioned in other reviews too.. Looking forward to read the whole trilogy now..
There were many similarities between the Twilight Saga and this book, as I noticed..

Delivery was fast as always..
Thanks a ton Flipkart                            
 
                                No fresh story . . . no emotion . . . no love (the real type I mean). . . and only loads of cheap erotic scenes . . . This falls into the category of books which is so bad that you just cannot bring yourself to turn that page. . . . could have saved a lot of plants and a lot of minds from this ordeal without printing this trash!!!                            
 
                                Dear god, and I thought sparkling vampires and pedophilic wolf-men was bad enough.
Enough with this crap already!
Sex, BDSM? What is with this book?
Twilight at least veiled the writer's BDSM fetishes in some sort of malarky but this is just too horrible to understand.                            
 
                                I liked it very much and waiting for the next two part to be delivered. Its very very addictive. I can only say that it is perfect book for the romantic souls along with lots of sexy stuff.

 
                                So this book was basically a fan fiction, which later on turned into a book. I wouldn't say it is a crap because if you've read the complete trilogy you would know, it's not.
The story line is good, and you can't complain about BDSM here, 'cause well that's what the book is about. If you don't want any of it, well you shouldn't buy it.
I would have appreciated it more had there been more depth into characters lives...
So I would say it's readable, if you don't mind little repetition.                            
 
                                Firstly, flipkart.com is a book lover's paradise. The book was delivered the very next day and i loved the superb packaging and those cute bookmarks :)
Hats off to ur service...!!!
Secondly, when i started reading fifty shades, i got so addicted, i literally lived the life of Ana steele it seems. Its such a beautiful, sensuous yet heart-wrenching love story. Its so good, its unfair... Now that its over, my life seems so empty!! :(
Can't wait to lay my hands on the next two books in this series...                            
 
                                character uses this terminology frequently in the book..story itself is very gripping revolting..character of christian Grey is one of the complex characters i have ever read..book itself hovering over dark carnal fantasies of Ana bt its really enjoyable to read..                            
 
                                The word discipline is embedded in BDSM not just for namesake.
We Indians can BOND, be submissive and have great masochistic urges but we lack the Discipline that is needed to sustain this kind of intensely "passionate" lifestyle.

Oh and my 3 year relationship almost ended because of it.                            
 
                                This is a kind of book which you cannot read from word to word. Some sequences in the book may give you a headache. this book has got way too much sex. A little sexual content make a book interesting but in case of this book it is all opposite it has little story and more sexual content.
Although what I liked is the way of writing. The feelings of the characters have been penned down nicely. Although I feel this book would have been great if some of the sexual content would have been omitted.                            
 
                                It just goes on and on... after a point of time your head would start paining and you'll be still 200 pages short for the "novel" to finish. The characters of this book are as shallow as the puddles on an Indian road. Almost no attention has been paid to develop these characters. As a result, the we get a book sans any literary flavor. But yes, the author has managed to put all her sex fantasies in more then 300 pages of the 500 pages book. Sell this as one of the "penthouse letters" and i'll gladly accept it. But dear author, kindly do not manipulate the readers by portraying this self indulgent book of sex dreams as contemporary literature.                             
 
                                This book turned out to be a total waste of time and money. The book starts with an interesting note, but as the friendship deepens between Ana and Mr.Grey,the story gets more and more dirty and cheap ...!!!
and to my dismay, the book ends with an even much more dirtier ending. Which on my part had been expected to be at least ending on a happy note..
i was very much disappointed..!!!                            
 
                                This was painful to read (pardon the pun) because the writing was just so bad. Phrases are repeated hundreds of times and the story is beyond bad. The BDSM parts are overdone - but that's the genre so I won't say much about that ( I hope bookstores don't place this in young adult sections though). The characters are irritating (far worse than Twilight), uninspiring and the glorification of domestic violence is just too much. There's too much hype and therefore people are fooled into buying this crap.                             
 
                                     I had a different thought when i had ordered for the book and was looking forward to more nervwreaking exciting story and not a part time course in in how one can have erotic sex. Well definitely if it is in collection of under 18 i would say under 23, it can definitely set off a different path in mind. 
     But i would'nt side line too. If you have a stable mind and can go on reading different genre of books, you would'nt slam it down too. If you have a list in reading priorities, this can wait.


 
                                I bought this book accidently but I'm glad that I made that mistake :) .

I was just going through The New York Time best list and there it was in the top ten list, I read some of the review which were placed by other readers and they too agree with me . 

( I didn't buy it after reading the review )

 I loved it since the beginning and wasn't able to put it down , I was hooked to it till the end . It got everything from sweet teasing to being erotic and the author has done a great job by combining all these thing together . 

 I suggest that you should go for it and I even order the other two books in the series and I wanna read it all over again .

 Trust me you wont regret buying it .                            
 
                                nothing like sidney sheldon. as some of the readers have mentioned that is a mix of sidney and mills n boon. those books have a class. they are sensible writers and so is reflected by their work.but this one has just nothing to read. a totally disgusting story                            
 
                                I turned page after page hoping that the story will begin.... no story, crappy naration and absolutely no style..... damn, I should have read the reviews  first... what was i thinking??!!.... Please save yourself the trouble..... its a sad book!                             
 
                                The first 50 pages are ok but once you reach 100 the book becomes one disgusting piece of crap !! Its like a real cheap erotica narrated in slimy english.

I threw my book away post page 100... I guess i've set a record !!                            
 
                                This book has nothing redeeming about it. Not Grammar, not Plot, and certainly not it's so called selling point-Erotica.
Reading it gave me a headache.
The characters are badly formed. In fact, the characters aren't the author's creation at all. She took another author's characters and put them into her badly written story. If you've read Twilight, you'll see the similarities. But let me tell you, Twilight was much better in comparison, by a long long way. I know for sure that this author wrote this story as a Twilight fanfiction. So much for being original.
And sex, which Twilight didn't have, was awful, just awful. James was trying to be flowery about it, but failed miserably.
The male lead was a complete chauvinist. He liked to inflict pain on women because he got a rough deal from life. The BDSM lifestyle is badly portrayed in the books. It's something he uses as an excuse to beat women. At least Twilight didn't have this sick element in it.
And Ana, oh god. She gives the impression of being a 13 year old with a crush.
And the books get worse. Nothing but erotica. No plot progression. No character development. It's frustrating.
They are a waste of money and time. And if you really want to read them, you can find the same thing by searching for 'Master of the Universe' Twilight Fanfiction.                            
 
                                this book deals with a novel subject and to that extent is interesting. however the sex scenes are explicit and can be disturbing to a very young mind, (as they deal with explicit sado-masochism), who may innocently pick up the book. i think there should be some indication on the book that it has adult content.

other than that, i would term the book as interesting.                            
 
                                I had high expectations from this book,as it featured in the bestseller list.But after reading through first fifty pages or so,it seemed nothing but a teenager's fantasy about her dream man.

Now,the sex scenes.Well,they become so unbelievable that it becomes more laughable than erotic. He simply touches her and she orgasms. It seems that she's climaxing on every page.

Even the writing is monotonous and repetitive.There is more than frequent use of "geez","shades of" etc.

Well,many of you might disagree but when i compare this one with heat and dust or sleeping beauty,it is way behind those standards.                            
 
                                Fifty Shades of Grey and its two sequels has become famous for its unconventional contents and viral marketing. E.L.James has hit the jackpot. But I have doubts if there is anything more achieved through these books. It is essentially a Mills & Boons with adult content of Penthouse letters, perhaps with a little more detailing of psyche and less graphical detailing of those acts. BDSM is a less known word, which kindles more curiosity, and people may not mind reading it once for its lucid narrative and juicy content....but then? Well, Airport trashcans may be another source where this book may be available, albeit secondhand!                            
 
                                "Reading this book has almost permanently made me averse to what they dub as "bestseller." I have strong respect for authors who write erotica. But I wasn't impressed by the style in this one for more than a few pages. Do not understand why the vagina needs to be referred to as "inner goddess." #Irritating. The oblivious, vague and abrupt ending probably makes sense as the book is a part of a trilogy. The book is disappointing. Thumbs down."                            
 
                                Must Read for all the book bugs...
Excellent writing style by James,gripping n unstoppable...
Explicitly written but dosent loose grip of the physic of the main characters...
Am completing my read of this Trilogy for sure...
Am glad I discovered n read this book..One of my best reads till date..                            
 
                                A one time read... i do like the way the author takes you through the mind of the girl who is in love with Mr.grey. Something different but a nice light story. Gladly no sexual stuff like the way Mills and boons do... so ull enjoy the book!                            
 
                                well to be honest i got the book in the afternoon and havnt put it down till now, its basically very erotic in nature but the way EL Lames has portrayed the emotions is just awesome how every detali has bn described without overdoing anything or draging it but somehow i get the feeling its only a one tym read but a good one... so id recommend this only to those who really can feel a writers emotion and not who jus look at this as a porn on paper alll in all i m liking it at the moment... so cherrios :)                            
 
                                Description of characters:
Jose:
friendzoned & brotherzoned by Ana (poor thing,Jose)

Paul:
gets rejected by Ana

Miss Ana:
-21 year old virgin(but sounds more like a teenage girl) 
-very inquisitive
-insecure
-friendzoned all good guys
-waited for Mr.Eligible boyfriend and finds Mr.Eligible Boyfriend in Mr.Grey,a psycho BILLIONAIRE.
-bites her lower lip and rolls her eyes very often to attract Christian
-a mere touch by Christian can make her climax
-acts strange when Christian gifts her an Audi,a blackberry,a Mac but uses it with great pleasure.
- Likes to be a submissive 
- enjoys brutal sex

Christian Grey:
- very handsome billionaire(can make a woman climax by looking at her)
- adopted by Grace when he was four
- sexually abused by Mrs.Robinson when he was fifteen and remained as her submissive for six years
- had fifteen submissive before Ana
- loves Ana in his own way
- stalks her
- likes BDSM
- never allows Ana to caress his chest which she likes to do.
- never likes to be touched
- deflowered Miss.Anna
- is aroused whenever Ana bites her lip or roll her eyes(weird)
- insists Ana to sign a contract to be his submissive for 3 months, but she wants more.

All the nearly boring characters + many erotic scenes = Fifty Shades of Grey 

I've had mixed feelings after reading this.Don't pay an exorbitant price for this book which will definitely bore you after one read.

