
                                If you have already read the book 'Tea for two and a piece of cake" then this book is merely a waste of time. "The secret wish list" is just a copy of the above mentioned book except the change in the names of the characters and a little change in the circumstances where the plot takes on. This way anyone can write 'N' number of books with different titles and change the name of the characters in the same story line and Tada!! you are with a new release.  "Tea for two and a piece of cake" was quite impressive and that's the only reason I ended up buying this one.                             

                                After reading tea for two and piece of cake. i pick up secret wish list and i m not disappointed with this book. In different phase of life i forgot my whishes and like Diksha i also created my wish list... hoping will complete all with time.. 

Diksha very energetic character and her husband very opposite.. supporting character also very good.. thumb up for this novel                            

                                After reading Life is what you make it,34 bubblegums and candies and tea for two and a piece of cake I was eagerly waiting for the next book. 
Then,after reading The Secret Wish list ,I must say I was so happy with the end.The story was so heart touching,every character was so real. The best part of Preeti's book are Story characters and narration. As we start reading we use to relate characters like Diksha with us. 
According to me 5 stars are very less for The Secret wishlist. I have pre ordered the next book of Preeti..Waiting for just another masterpiece..:)                            

                                "The secrete Wish list"  is one of the best book i ever read. its a kind of usual story but narrates it in different way and interesting too. It took one day for me to read this book. great book to read..                             

                                I've read 'Life is what u make it' by the same author and liked it. So, i decided to read this one too and i'm not disapponited. Its really inspiring and makes the reader take a closer look at his/her life. I was not able to put it down till i finished reading :)                             

                                This book is awesome. Mrs Shenoy is a beautiful author.....I read it in one go...The story takes twists and turns and they are lovable !
I loved her 'Life is what you make it', and that is my favourite book and I would recommend all to read it as well as 'The secret Wishlist'.
And don't forget to make a secret wishlist!!                            

                                I have read Preeti's "Life is what you make it" and ordered this book with good expectations. Well, the expectations are met Preeti's way. This is a very good read for everyone. 

The story is well written. 
How does a mistake made at young age can actually change everything that's going to come your way in the future? 
What is it that you will do to be the real you?
And how far can you go to get what you want?

Know yourself. Be yourself.                            

                                Nice reading for a lazy weekend...

I really believe emergence of online book store like Flipkart has helped un-noticed talented authors such as Preeti and also helped readers like us discover such gems...Thanks Flipkart...



                                Just read this novel ... Almost similar to Preeti's "Tea for two and a piece of cake " .. Talks about a girls feeling from heart ... Deals with a girl Diksha ... a pretty young .. how her life takes diversion after a kiss with Ankit ... 

I have seen these characters in real life too .. Most of the men are like Sandeep .. who always runs behind work .. a full workaholic ... 

Mrs Pandit , Diksha's  mother-in-law ... really a great character ... A broad minded ... Should appreciate Preeti for the way how she portrays the character .. its simply nice to read ... You will feel it definitely ...                             

                                The way you described diksha her life, her journey, her soul, her pain was just an awesome experience toward reading it and feel it. This is how womens especially in INDIA are treated in being like this from there husband like in this SAMIR  being the narrow-minded. It felt so genuine but after reading it on the same night i kept extracting the conclusion behind the characters each described in the book and then i came to the conclusion of my own that it is not only about the Diksha's story or survival or victory But it is about to all give a message that live your lives to the full of its extreme DO -What you want to do. Not just be a puppet of someone wishes. Make a list and make sure to complete all the ones mention in that not leave the seventh or the eight point too.

Mam i am writing this as my first ever comment to an author as I really like your works (i have also read your LIFE IS WHAT YOU MAKE IT) AND I APPLAUDED YOU FOR THAT.                            

                                I first book ever i started read was "life is what you make it" . From the bottom of heart for a week ankita sharma is not get away from my mind ............ Now Diksha  just rolling in mind  like a thousands of honey bees ...... when i started Secret Wish list To finish in a stretch but  once i feel the run throw of the story i just shifted as episode wow...... you can run  one whole movie  in this book ..... A W E S O M E 



                                Ive read  almost all indian fiction...but lemme tell u dis one is bestest I ever read... she got a class in her writing skills..her writing makes me read at one go... she portrayed all d characters very lively.. preeti secretly motivate us... amazing..amazing writing skills preeti! I like her all d books..all r my favourite...                            

                                One of the best books you would ever come across. The author is a born storyteller whose books top the bestsellers and her writings continue to inspire many.About The Secret Wish List, Captivating story line, realistic characters, a kind of narration that is bound to transport you to exotic locations, makes you feel heart warming true and deep friendship and care, an insight into the existence of few robotic humans.This is a story of how the protagonist Diksha gets to live a life of her choice after succumbing to parental/ society's pressure for over 18 long years. The story focusses on living rather than merely existing. The climax might not be so conservative but it sure is a feel good, happy ending.Do fill in the blanks and give life to your wishes.                            

                                The Secret Wish List is a book written from an Indian woman's perspective. Story is interesting and refreshing. Such stories should reach millions of girls in our country who are forced to adhere to societal norms and values to satisfy parental pride & ego. 

This story signifies the change in perspective among Indian youth, especially young women. 

Kudos Preeti Shenoy.                             

                                Another great novel. Its a good story with a traditional concept but a modern outlook. I believe this novel is very inspiring. But could have been more better. Ofcourse it is a nice novel and one must go for it but it is weak in comparison to the author's previous 2 books.
Yet it motivates the reader. 
To confess, after reading this novel even i made my own wishlist.
Go for it!!!



                                I am glad I ordered this book. I LOVED IT!! The storyline is very engaging, you move along with the characters all the way. Thank you Ms. Shenoy for this brilliant book! It was so difficult to place it down; it is one of those books that you have to finish reading at one go. Already looking forward to the next one!                            

                                Preeti Shenoy, as good as she is. The Secret Wish List is something which everyone like to have one. Every person is entangled into something which he doesn't like it, but circumstances are such that you cannot do it. But then having something like wishlist, which gives you a aim, a direction to your life. It gives you energy to struggle for your wishlist. And this has been narrated superbly by Preeti. Should buy and read.                            

                                amazing delivery by flipkart...
started in morning and finished within 5hr...
buk character doesn't let u go off d track..
luved dis buk...
it is nt only abt two lover....it is abt friendship,motherhood,etc...
diksha(d gal in d buk)is same as us..gt alot 2 learn 4rm dis charater..and d story narrated by author is commendable...                            

                                Her words flow and so do the readers flow in that book. I bet man no author till now made me hook into the book non-stop for a day. And and and guess what????? I received the signed of copy of my author. Preeti I bet you stay in the library of every teenager. Although am not a teenager any more but I really go back to those days and cherish the moments of my college days..!                             

                                Once upon a time I used to read every book that would be released. But now I am very selective at what I read. Preeti Shenoy is such an author whose book I just had to read. The Secret Wish List is a wonderful book, grab it. The plot is very simple but the author had written it in a interested way, that you just go on with flipping the pages. I loved the book. Its great as expected. :-)                            

                                hats off..... one of the best book i have read. everybody must read this book. Disksha character is something which we can relate to easily. it can be an eye opener for lots of women who are struggling in there marriage life                            

                                Once Again Hats off to the author..And with this Book again she has become my favourite writer.. The secret desires of a married women, her longings, her ambitions which were kept hidden in her heart were revealed very nicely..I am very much attached with the book, the story telling is just awesome!!! the Characters are fairly driven to the end... after reading the book I really felt bad that why this all happen in real life? why people are so much conservative to think for the happiness of there own children, there own family members..?
 And I also made my secret wishlist... Thanks to you Preeti..!!                            

                                I am a great fan of Preeti Shenoy. I love her blogs but have never read her books! Bad! I know! This is the first book of hers that I read and I must say it is awesome! I loved the way she had written it and I fell in love with her writing again! A simple plot but the way it was narrated was so good. I read the book 2 times back to back on the same day! I have already suggested and forced few of my friends to buy this book. :P Seriously, don't miss reading it! :)

Needless to say, flipkart's delivery was on time! Good job! The only website I find trustable when I order books online ! :)                            

                                I picked up this book by chance when I was aimlessly wandering in a book shop and I am so glad I did..this book depicts day to day situations so well that many times when reading..you laugh out...feel sad..and say.."I know.."..or "so true"....
the boredom of routine life..the grind of corporate world..the "familiarity breeds contempt" syndrome..the happiness that simple things in life bring...etc are brought out really well..
a must read for all ...especially..all women..:)                            

                                I would consider this book as one of the best books i have ever read.It took one and half day for me to complete this book.I would appreciate the writer for the way of her description.The way of her description makes us to imagine as if the scene's are happening in front of us.Just loved reading this book. Diksha's (the lead role of this book) feelings and her love really touched my heart to the core.I wish that its a book that every one can enjoy reading.The other book of the author "Life is what you make it" is also worth reading book.We have to be proud of having such an author in our country. Eagerly waiting for one more new book of Preethi Shenoy's :)                             

                                A non reader willing to convert to a reader. Preeti Shenoy's books have become my choice of books that I want to read. I love it and recommend it to all. 

Story of a girl who is being punished severly for her life for one mistake that she did. A great learning for parents, its the communication that heals not the punishment. One should understand one has his or her personal choice and it the age and situation makes it wrong, then there are other ways to deal not to punish for whole of ur life. I got married to my brothers friend, and to share my brother was the best support that I could have. 

Nice book, Preeti Shenoy's books have loads to learn as a human being.

Kuddos Preeti!                            

                                This book is just soooo awesome.......
As i went on reading the book i was excited about what happens next!
I just couldn't take my eyes off...I just simply loved it!
The story is very well written..I got so involved in the book that i read it in 2 days...
It is really very good!
And also loved the new bookmarks given by flipkart.......
I will surely tell my friends about it....                            

                                1st thing - society still expects a male dominating culture...if a female/women ...try to be open n friendly...it is not easily digested by others
2nd.thing. - if u face a situation in which u r not getting respect, instead u r treated like..a thing.not a human, kick them from ur life
but its nt always easy [ in real]
from ur skills n knowledge....go n grab opportunity....and live ur life on ur own terms
no one have the right u take decisions of your life except ur parents.
even parents also...should not force their decision...there should be mutual consent                            

                                Preeti’s every book is worth reading. This is sweet and simple sentence which i can write as a review.
“Preeti again provide a fantastic story with great skill of writing.”
while reading this, mind my just said to me that this book is realistic. This can be turned into a Bollywood feature film. Although she just stretched the story by few pages, her sense of wit(which is unique) and humor is just awesome.
Best part of book is its simple language & realistic story. I loved it. Even i love each & every book of preeti. Hope her next book soon.



                                The story portrays the woeful plight of a girl/a woman in typical patriarchal society, where her personal interests have no place. Diksha, the protagonist, like an average Indian woman, accepts whatever forced upon her, first by her parents and then by her husband. But life is not merely accepting what it offers. And there is never late to start when you are poised to turn your dreams into reality.

Diksha prepares a wish list, and this wish list eventually allows her to start her life again, on her own terms and her transformation from a mute person to a fearless person.

Preeti Shenoy's Secret Wishlist is a story that one sees in and around happening with many married women. Like her previous books, you find yourself easily connected to and sympathize with the protagonist, her sufferings and her quest for happiness. Hats off to the Author for this engrossing, captivating tale about following your heart and chasing your dreams.                             

                                finished the book ... in nonstop 4 hours ! when i first started reading , i couldn't get over , as i am in a bad mood ....
it is more beautiful to be a love story than "where rainbows end"
not that i am comparing ..
but really its my pleasure to express that what times of India said about the book was damn perfect ....
and relatively even though i am not such a crap as of Sandeep , for which i feel proud of my mother .. i learn some things ,which are often not cared by men, yet they are priceless for women, if all those who have not yet married read this book . i hope there wont be any messes in later marital life , or at least marital dissatisfactions
it connects to every one who have hope on their love and who wishes it to be eternal ....

thankyou so much for giving us this book :Preeti Shenoy".... and a HATSOFF for ur hardwork.                             

                                I was in hurry to finish reading this book as I did not find anything new.There are loads of novels in the market which would discuss the same topic.From a reader's point of view, there is nothing new to read in this. Story was pretty much predictable. It was pretty obvious from the start when Diksha mentioned about Ankit that they were forced to cut off, that it was expected they would again meet up at some point in their life, considering the kind of boring married life Diksha was leading. Preeti did not research much on the story, but more on the emotional aspect of it, which could be good from a writer's perspective.But, if you think as a reader,we should get something new,some twist,something interesting which this book doesn't have.If the same monotonous topic can be found in some other novels, why would I suggest someone to go and read this book. Again,a disclaimer, this is completely my perception.Readers are free to buy the book and read it.                            

                                Preeti has done it again..............

Very nice book.............once started u cannot left it..........gr8 story........characters have been described brilliantly..........must read book.

Its time for us to make our own "Secret Wish List"........ ;)                             

                                Even though i am in love with the concept of the secret wishlist, I din't like this book. The story is a big let down and the writing style will bore you. I personaly dint like this even a bit. 
Preety Shenoy is an amazing author but this book does not seem to stand up to the image I have of her in my head. I have read her other books (34 bubblegums and candies and life is what you make it.) and i enjoyed them but this one was not a bit interesting. 



                                .. The secret wishlist is a true eyeopener . I did find many Dikshas around me and sincerely wish every one makes their own wish list to live life to the fullest. Loved the wonderful flow of words and each chapter woven with flash backs and her current status... Diksha, Tanu. Vibha and Dikshas Mother in law are 4 women who really exist around us.. and people like Sandeep do exist too.. Loved the book and read it at one stretch .. could not let it go and when I finished it it was 2 Am...Thanks Preeti... waiting for the Fifth book soon...                            

                                Very boring story.. with no ethics and no integrity...It only teaches about cheating and infidelity. 
What example would she have on her child, though only nine year old but some day he would grow into a man...
Diksha was aware what is right for her but morally & ethically she was finding it difficult to confront the truth till caught red handed..

Advice: if you want to experience what exactly a boring book is, read this one just as i did.. :)                            

                                It seems like writer got mistakenly confused between character names(pg no: 234).. Felt bit sad when came to know the book comes under "Fiction" category.. hope it was real.. Apart from that novel is excellent and addictive till last page..                            

                                Great job by Preethi !!!

Awesome book, loved it to the core !!!!!! just not able to snap my mid out of it ! A must read for everyone!! Throughly enjoyed the reading !! Just loved it !!!!

India's got many talented authors!!!!! :)                            

                                The title was an eye catcher and so is the story. I am amazed by her writing skills. One can easily relate to the emotions spread in those lines. Woow Preeti. She really has a way of captivating the reader. I just love this book...                            

                                I loved “life is what you make it” by the same author. Infact it was first book of her that I read. I equally enjoyed, “tea for two and piece of cake”. So I was very excited to read, “the secret wishlist” specially since I had preordered it and got a personalized author signed book.

The interesting and intriguing story of protagonist Diksha made me read the complete book in one go. Though at some places I found striking similarities with “tea for two and a piece of cake’ yet I could appreciate the subtle and nuanced subtext that the author weaves in so effortlessly in this book.

If I have to say, what’s the one thing about Mrs Shenoy’s books that I admire most. It will be undoubtedly her realistic portrayal of a marriage. Like her previous book this one is bang-on on the biggest weakness in the institution of marriage specially in the Indian context, and it is the MCP AND NARROW MINDED INDIAN MEN. Surely not all Indian men are so, but most are. I loved how the entire plot, setting , backdrop, characters are SO REAL. They are flawed and that’s make them even more relatable. It’s not a fairy tale story and neither are the characters Godly.

I hope that Mrs Shenoy continues to write more such books that are real, socially relevant and absolutely enjoyable. What further reflects in all her books is her own real life persona and her genuine niceness. Mrs. Preeti Shenoy, thanks for being in our times. The way you portray “agenda-less friendships” in your books conveys volumes about your faith in friendship.                            

                                This book is truly awesome. The way in which writer has described the events seems  perfect...You just go on with the flow of book. Shenoy became my Most Favourite Indian Writer with her book 'Life is what you make it.' This book is yet another magical book from her. 

       I simply love it!!!
       You should surely go for it!                             

                                I just bought this book to get a it signature from the author.then to my surprise i found my book to be one of the three which she wrote more and i couldn't keep my hands off from this book.My mom due to my studies didn't allow me to read the book so i started reading it in night using my mobile light.I could relate the women "diksha" in some way or the other.But i just loved the story, a good end a complete entertainment package.Now will be awaiting your next book .

Ps: I have become ur complete fan after reading this book :)                             

                                Fast delivery by flipkart.

This a book that explains how life turns miserable & lonely if a spouse doesn't pay attention to his/her partner, and how the sufferer looks for other alternatives. Well narrated by Preethi Shenoy, but not as gripping (at least for me) as 'Tea for two and a piece of cake'.                            

                                A very good attempt.. I think India is answering in a nice way by producing talented new authors. Some of them I have mentioned below.I am a vivid reader and read almost all the books that come my way. This book is one of the best.

1. I too had a love story - Ravinder Singh
2. That's the way we met- Sudeep Nagarkar
3. Journey Of Two Hearts- Anuj Tiwari
4. The Secret Wish List- Preeti
5. Life is what you make it- Preeti



                                Every interesting in every single page . story goes on thrilling its everything about Indian women how she adjusts to all situation where in she has her own feelings and ambition's which people and close ones don't give importance.   But Diksha stands brave and speaks up and builds her own way of life which she had  dream t...... aswome story!!!!!!!                             

                                Its a beautiful book, nice one.It makes you feel that you can have your wishlist and once you try to achieve anything, the doors for other gets open automatically. Its really nice readddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd                            

                                I really like Preeti Shenoy’s writing style and so, obviously, I like her books. 

The Secret Wish List is an exciting story about Diksha who is leading an unexciting married life. She is fulfilling her duties devotedly but is quite far from her own desires. This story tells about her secret wish list and her efforts to fulfill them. It’s about some thrilling surprises stored for her. About the immense support she gets unexpectedly. About true friendship and love. About her journey of self discovery.

Like author's previous books, the narration of the book is easy, neat and crisp. The characters are very well crafted and situations are quite identifiable. Overall, it’s an interesting and engrossing read! Especially for those who like contemporary women and romance fiction, it would be a lovely read!



                                Relationships are complicated. One of those books that makes you think as a man, what women exactly want. Some might find the content offensive to our culture so if you are someone like Asaram Babu, refrain from reading this. Everyone else should find something that they did not knew before about relationships.

Even though my experience in relationships is as huge as earth is compared to the universe, i got some insights in what needs to be done to maintain a healthy one.

The good thing about this book, like all other books by Preeti Shenoy is that i could easily connect with the main character, feel her sufferings and happiness, which makes it special. 

I am surely going to make a secret wish list and try and complete every single thing on that list. Life is short, make it large. The book struck a chord deep down in me and i am pretty sure the same can be said of many other readers.                             

                                I cant put in words my state of mind.. n my eagerness while i waited for it to arrive one whole month.. & the moment when i had it in my hands.. sheer bliss !! 
 read it in one go.. 5 hours precisely..

 Preeti mam.. you did it again.. commendable work !! it kind of reflects the emotional turbulence, many Indian women face in their lives.. the stark reality intertwined with dollops of twists n turns which make your heart skip a beat !! I enjoyed every bit of it !! i just hope every girl gets as lucky as diksha .. !!

the idea of wishlist was fun !! & it screams out the message of " dream on.. " & never loose hope. The hard work you have put behind this book is very obvious from the tiniest details of everything !! hats off !! 

YOU ARE INDEED A DELIGHT FOR READERS LIKE ME !! LOADS OF LOVE.. !! 

Ipsita :)                            

                                this book started boringly like a slow moving train..but after certain chapters, it goes to the peak of interest..i continuously read for 3 to 4 hours daily...everything didnt happen beyond our expectation...i recommenened you to read this..it is used to understand women's heart,,their wish                            

                                Again a nice fictional work(but drawn heavily from real life incidents of different people, as per the Author) from Preeti Shenoy. I am closely following all books of the author from the beginning, this one is also an author signed copy. Almost every feeling n expressions of the characters in the tale make you feel real. Definitely will make reader either to retrospect or value what they have.
Definitely a good enjoyable Read.
NB:- I must say it can be put in self help section too..for lot of guys  ;)                            

                                Through the "The Secret Wishlist" Preeti has well attempted to read a feminine heart. Wishlist is a engrossing tale of a teenager submitting to the will of forcing parents sheer out of guilt, a wife resigning to her husband's desires minus love, trustworthy friendship, infidelity. The author has well crafted a simple tale of boring marriage and the crave of the lead character to attain liberation from her forcing egoistic husband. The novel depicts an understanding relationship between a MIL and her DIL. It morals taking for granted near ones can cost dear.                             

                                was jst seeng books to order....read many love fiction novels...so was serch of sumthn new...n difffrnt...!!! jst den cum across dis one...swa d reviews...n evrthn..n widout givn a second thought..jst ordered it..!! ws desperatly waitng fr it...finally it came..n was tooo xcited to start...n xcitment kept increasng throughout...coz startn chapters ver abt past n den her later half...so cldnt keep it down...loast ma hunger n ws jst in diksha's world...imagening evrythng ryt b4 me...d clips ver passing one by one..dis went on...n finally in too less tym completd it...n was on cloud nine...d way she became bold...n spoke up evrythn...n specly d bondng betwn her MIL was shwd in an xcelnt way...d end ws tooo pleasing....d phrases in it vr jst tooo good...aftr closing it...ma joy knew no bounds...was jst tooooo happpy n smylng..!! good one... :)



                                I got it from flipkart.While i was going thru this book,the scent of RABNE BANADE JODI,MURDER,ZNMD movies flashed in mind.A married woman make a wish list one of which is to sleep with a man other than her husband.Suddenly the man turns out to be her ex-lover from school days!Deeksha,the protogonist narrates her story from her perspective,thats fine.But Preeti shenoy carved the plot & characters in such a way that a conspiracy is on to help Deeksha to find her wish list come true!!!for that matter Sandeep,husband of heroine is manipulated to emerge as the worst husband to placate the reader.Dear Preeti ji, there are lot of Sandeeps in all over INDIA,and if all Deekshas start to prepare their secret wish lists..,Gowravs,Vibhas,Tanus and Ankits are to be supplied by whom?my rec is only for time pass/kill reading while your flight is delayed for a day.                            

                                Well i hav turned into a Preeti Shenoy fan... This latest work of hers just makes reading so fun, tht once its over u dnt mind reading it alover again.. Shenoy has narrated an obvious story is in unobvious manner. What i like is the new avataar of women she presents, one who decides to live a life she wants even if it means going against the norms of society. Its a beautiful book.. and reading it makes one feel that life is all about being urself and being happy. The way she puts the everyday emotions into words is impeccable.
This being said i request the writer to write on other topics too, as walking out of marriage.. not being appreciated by husband, divorce and settling for a far better understanding person has being dealt in TEA FOR TWO AND A PIECE OF CAKE too.. Looking forward to your next.. Hope this time its entirely different.. :)                            

                                Just completed reading "The Secret Wishlist"..Well, i took three days to read the book so as to think over the chapters read in a day....The book is a very engrossing read and Preeti was successful in touching all the minute details that were otherwise been overlooked by most authors....She created the character of the protagonist "Diksha" very well and in such a way so that it can be related and all of it felt so genuine...Many a times while attending many seminars related to personality development,i found that the instructors ask as to write a wishlist...I wrote but somehow i could not digest as to how a wishlist could help me..Till lately i read "The Secret Wishlist" which not only insisted on making a wishlist but also gave the motivation to gain from it...and guess what.I am gonna make a wishlist soon...Thanks maa'm for such a great book...
As i was reading the book,i felt each time that i was there in the scene witnessing all those..It is a must read for everyone,(specially husbands as "Samir" who are so narrow minded) so that they realise how much little things which are otherwise ignored has the ability to hurt so much...Folks,you should definitely get hold of this one and if you know someone who is as narrow minded as Sammer or as confused as "Diksha" gift them this book...It could change the way of their lives...and with "The Secret Wishlist" you can't call Preeti just another writer but she makes sure that all of her books touch lives of many who are trapped in various situations...Hat's off...Hope it becomes a bestseller soon...
Keep writing,keep touching lives...God bless                            

                                An interesting story about married women well articulated by Preeti Shenoy. Diksha a 35 year old who is trapped fighting every day from past 18 years, after one small mistake that she committed at the age of 16, that landed her in a boring life with Sandeep who is a workaholic husband who has no time for his wife and Abhay (nine year old son). 

Thanks to Vibha a successful woman who happens to Diksha’s cousin who pumped energy in to a soulless life. Vibha’s inspiring words helped Diksha take charge of life.

Finally she gets to courage to break the shackles and to express herself in front of parents and husband that she wants to move out and be with the (Ankit) person whom she always wanted to be.

It’s a very good read with a very strong message. No matter whatever has happened, you can always take charge of life. Takeaways, from this book is that I am going to write down my wish list and make sure I will live up to it.                            

                                Peeti Shenoy - Again came up with a awesome and different story all together.
A Secret Wish List - is definately a women oriented book, it revolvs around the Protagonist , DIKSHA..
I have pre ordered the book and i am Glad i did that..
We Love u Preety Shenoy, keep coming with more stories like this..                            

                                Reading of secret wishlist make u understand that a girl can do anything if she really wanted to!!! i bet all will enjoy reading dis book unless and until they r more practical. loved it to the core. the story contains many twists and turns which u never ever expect                            

                                All the time a question lingers in my mind,"Does every person intend to live their life THEIR OWN WAY".I think the answer to this question will come in two time frames, Before Marriage and After Marriage.
So Before it should be an YES and After it should be a NO
Someone married should realize this and make to live life "OUR OWN WAY" if not it will become a "MY OWN WAY" after marriage which is a mess. 
And often the basics of "After marriage adjustments" one has to take will not be explained to him/her at any college or family.One has to encounter it LIVE.
Its a good thing that preeti shenoy is discussing that matters in her books.This book is a warm support to the tethered soul in a messed up marriage and also a warning signal for the young minds who are about to do that.
I strong recommend it to every male."All goes fine if you are sensitive enough to understand HER POINT OF VIEW".Also i recommend "Gently Falls The Bakula " By Sudha Murthy. Finally Good Job! Preeti for bringing the Revolution in young minds.                                

                                So That is How it was born, her Secret Wishlist... if u also want to know how it was born, buy this one.

The Innocent crush, submerged inside... for a long period of time, when burst like a volcano... no body can feel the heat of lava.

The twist of events that occurs in Disha's life, makes her to take decisions that changes her life...

My personal opinion: to all the people who want to know the secret of a happy married life... go thru this.. not that this gives u a solution but you will defiantly know " HOW SMALL THINGS, MAKE BIG DIFFERENCES". 

Finished this in flat 6 hrs..... could not keep the book down.. thanks to Preeti Didi...                            

                                finished reading "the secret wish list" a few days ago, as expected Preeti ma'am u rock again with excellent story telling. the story revolving around a woman of 35 about following her heart n finding her long lost love makes me think that we often make amendments about what we really like to what our parents wants from us but we always forget that its our life n we have full right to decide on what we really want coz finally at a certain point its us who'll be affected by that decision not our parents. n one more thing i want to say is that parents say that whatever they tell or do is for our happiness i do agree to that but we do it to make our parents happy but i've learnt that in order to keep someone happy i should be happy first n i cant be happy unless i do the things i like n finally comes to fact that in order to keep parents happy i need to be happy first n thats what they have always wanted so we all have to do what we like                            

                                An engrossing tale of an Indian Women who as a young girl has ambitions and her own identity. Yet, she succumbs to parental pressures and ends up getting married to someone she doesn't look up. She has an independent house, a smart kid, high earning husband and supposedly everything that typical conservative Indian Parents would call for in a perfect Married life. But there's definitely more to life. An identity for oneself, a relationship with your better half that gives you space to breathe and be yourself, a friend in a husband. These are the traits Diksha never finds in her husband. A sequence of events that lead her to realizing what she wants our of life and that gives birth to her "Secret  Wishlist".
The narration is beautiful and only an Author of the Caliber of Preeti Shenoy can put forth her ideas so flawlessly that you build an instant connect. Her style of writing hits you gently yet deep within, that you would want to get up and take charge of your life, married or unmarried, young or old, the novel will push you to pause and think if you are what you wanted in life. If not, it's time to get up and get going. Preeti Shenoy has a clear and lucid style of writing that keeps you gripped to the novel. I finished it in 3 hours straight and I am all charged up to take ownership of my life.                             

                                Well written. Clearly stating what most Indian women are doing after marriage. Losing all their skills and interests for the family doesn't meant they are the real woman. This story make atleast  few of those to realise/think where they are..  

Big applause to Preeti                            

                                More than just writing books, Preeti is clearlry througy setting up a revolution for women in our country. the way she had portrayed a girl and the dificulties she face in her tea for two or the way she has shown a woman in the secret wishlist, both are just more than just a character. It is the case of most women in our country.

This book will just take your mind away. The book is so very strong that at the end of it, we would just pen down our secret wishlist. Preeti, in her own way of narration has just kept the pages move so very smooth and interesting. Not sure if many can give such a wonderful book without any much of a suspense or thriller. There is a little love, more anger and an even more desperation that has come out as a wonderful story from the hands of Preeti Shenoy.                             


Quick take on 
The Secret Wish List - By Preeti Shenoy

Stories are all around, The Secret Wishlist is kind of the story that you see in and around happening with   many married women. I have read author in her blogs which is spontaneous, simple and to the point. I like it.  And this is the first book I read.
After 3rd book I stopped reading Chetan Bhagat not because he doesn’t write good stories but because he writes to much what I ready know and see around, if to expect next is predictable I don't see reading fiction and in this one some what exactly that happens.
A secret hidden buried deep down in teenager heart, layered on top of the society and family roles responsibility and expectations. It starts in parallel track in present and in teenage past, which make it very cliché and predictable to me.  Diksha , the protagonist is at first  a common teenage girl, who seeks usual experience of life and as she grows being woman she seeks usual acknowledgement of her existence. A purpose is what Indian woman gets missed out by enlarge due to society and not many start up for it, that theme is essence of the story.
We see many around us like that, we consult such women too. Why don’t you do this? why don’t you do that ? why don’t you take control of things ? but one just leaves it with suggestion but other one either carries a courage to solve or just succumb to it forever with conscious awareness of what is happening with their lives.
Diksha is one such girl who is trapped, it takes her 15 long years to realize and break her shackles. Plot has all points covered which leads her to decide and gather courage to change the course of her life but I just found it coming while reading whereby my surprise elements were dying as I read on. Also, as much as emotional and sensitive the story line is, the emotions and moments of characters are rushed. Literacy wise, author is still not in the genre which dives into the life of Diksha when she walks home after meeting her lover, turmoil state, torn heart, dejected self … I don’t see her heart coming alive in story narration.
It is indeed good and quick read with inspiration point in it but if you are looking forward to read classic storytelling is a step away. My take from the book I did pen down my Wish List and so it was worth a read.                             

                                Having read The Secret Wishlist in just 4hrs12 mins to be precise I must say it is one of Preeti’s BESTEST. She is a keen observer and easily portrays those million unexplainable feelings in words.
This book is a wakeup call to listen to our hearts and follow the path, which we want. There will be many who will be against us, who may not believe in what we wish to do, but then if we have the faith, the dark clouds of doubt will surely vanish. 
There are just 7 days for this year to end take a look at how your life is today, take a look at how it was and just think how you wish it was. Think of all the things that are holding you back, think of the risks which you can take and think of all the relationships that you can mend.
It is a must read for parents, who force their dreams on children and who bother more about the society. It is a must read for guys also, their outlook towards relationships will surely change.



                                When you cannot get someone out of your head for eighteen years, it has to be true love............ 

This sums up the entire book. The story is too bold and crazily well-written. there is not even a single point where it feels leaving the plot in between. It is a very bold plot and I loved every bit of it. But, somehow the last thing I felt that it is somewhat similar to the previous work 'Tea for two and a piece of cake". Having said that, it is really a bold concept and a reflection of our modern society where women knows that they are not mere doormats and do have an identity of their own. 

Great work.........

I am waiting for your next book and m aware in being a little silly in asking as to when it is gonna happen????                            

                                i received author signed copy! finished reading the novel in a single reading. I liked this like how i loved other preeti shenoy's novel.bold and gives a understanding towards extra martial affairs in a bold perspective!                            

                                Just received a signed Copy, all thanks to Preeti Shenoy and Flipkart. Took 1.5 hours to finish reading it-- couldn't keep it down at all. Excellent story telling skills and a very good message sent across! Live life to the fullest, you never know if you will have a tomorow or not!
Brilliant work.
regards
Jasmine.                             

                                superb book....!!! well written and luved the story....
itss a gud inspiration to write our own wishlist!! never thought about it....
i luv ur every book preeti shnoy.. nd this one is one of the best after lisfe is what u make it, tea for 2 nd 34 bubblegums nd candies....

waiting for ur next novel...!!! :)                             

                                Really loved The secret wishlist ! I have read all the books written by Preeti Shenoy and have loved them! Now this is the new addition..really it! A must read! Now I am certainly making a wish list for myself for all you know life is indeed SHORT! :) Thanks for this wondeful book, Preeti :)                            

                                Interesting and quick read. Though the beginning has quite different style as it ends it becomes more obvious and ended as I guessed. Good storyline though. Those who enjoy quick reads, this for them. As per the wishlist is concerned, emphasis seems to lose its grip in the storyline.                            

                                preeti shenoy...i first read her when i saw the title life is what you make it at crossword chennai.then facebooking followed to help me know about her more and after tea for two and a piece of cake, i was sure that she had multiple personality disorder as every character that came there was alive and not bookish..in the latest offering the secret wishlist she has neatly crafted a story of first love and true love,failing marriage,friendships that last a life time and some special relationships  that have no name...this is definitely a journey of friendship,trust and love...you will not regret undertaking the journey with characters that don't leave you evn after finishing the book. I am glad I took the journey narrated by a master story teller...



                                Again the talented young writer Preeti Shenoy has beautifully depicted a story of a woman who has been pampered and controlled at every stage of life.
Deeksha, after 15 years of marriage doesn't finds herself at ease with her life. So playfully she writes a secret wishlist and somehow finds herself stuck between the past and present. Her long lost love is back.
In an attempt to live her life fully she actually ticks off every item of the secret wishlist.
And finally lives her life fully.
To sum I'd say its simply another marvellous piece of creativity from the amazing lady none other than Preeti Shenoy.... :)
I'm glad I read it. :)                            

                                Just read The Secret Wish List last night...amazing booking,u don't ever want to put it down even for a second...the story is gripping & binds you...Do read it especially if u haven't read any of the previous one,even if you have read do read this one.:)                            

                                first of call thanks flipkart and ofcourse preeti shenoy... love the cover just got today and its SIGNED copy................ thank u :) m very happy.. i love ur all books.. though i have not started but i love the concept u ring in dis book.. congratulations i knw it will hit again.. lv to read all ur books.. thank u n good luck. thanks again flipkart.. n lots of love preeti shenoy :)                            
