
                                Had very good experience. Enjoyed every part in this book. looks like well researched on every part. completed reading it in one and half days.                            

                                As the plot thickens  , it becomes thin. There is no logic at all for the ending. Highly inspired by Shiva triology. Character's name feel funny (Tarak Vakil, Radhika, Priya etc).
I believe the author has written the story keeping in mind that some day this will become a bollywood movie.                            

                                A pretty interesting novel, fast paced but with predictable twists and turns. Ashwin Sanghi is our version of Dan Brown, efficiently mixing facts with fiction.                            

                                Its just Indian rip off of Dan Brown. Same scenarios, same protagonists and villains, It was as if I am reading an Indian version of Angels and Demons and Da Vinci code all over again. It is informative and feels close to heart because of Krishna though. Novel went well.. end was a let down. Hoping to see better work.                            

                                To be frank this is my very first mythological novel :D Now i'm a fan of that genre.. Thanks to the author :) 
Though Goodreads comments aren't favoring this book, I bought it. And completed it in 20 days(i'm not a good reader) Still I loved it :)                             

                                Started reading very soon i got it in my hand. Really Ashwin ji is great writer. at his best. good delivery by flipkart. Searching for Krishna key ;)                            

                                Mixing of facts, conspiracy and murder plot is in a good ratio and all these things made the book real page turner.                            

                                I was intrigued by the premise and to be fair, the book was interesting in parts. But where Da Vinci Code succeeded (and where this one one fails) is striking a balance between theory and thrills. Da Vinci Code and Angels and Demons were as much about conspiracy theories as they are about edge-of-the-seat thrills. Krishna key becomes too preachy too many times with not enough of a pay-off.                            

                                Hatsoff to the author who did so much of research. A real page turner! Looking forward to many such writings.                            

                                Couldn't help comparing this with Dan Brown's Da Vinci Code. But, my opinion is that Da Vinci Code beats Krishna Key, hands down.

Same old opinion about Flipkart. EXCELLENT, in terms of packaging and delivery!                            

                                Its a very captive read. perfect for long journey reading. The setting of background using ancient text as reference as well as comparing it with our current knowledge shows the depthness of research done. The delivery service provided by flipkart was amazing. have read it twice but still the mystery behind the plot gets you interested every time. The most Memorable line which stayed with me was "The philosopher is more important than the stone".                            

                                A fast paced delivery of a book with fast paced storyline. Could not stop myself reading until i finished it. And it was an awesome experience. I have read many books so far, but  this book stands out.                            

                                After Chanakya's Chant, thig book was a huge disappointment. The story line is weak, slow and little boring. The first 200 pages were kinda just a base for the plot, then story picked up the pace. The last two pages of ending was damn weak. Rozabal line had a weak ending but this one makes that seem very strong. Author tried to incorporate Dan brown's style in this novel with his own and failed badly. Not recommended..                            

                                A person reading this book get some good knoledge about historical truth which are unknown to the new generation youngsters.......The story is moving good ..... i like this book very much except for the climax findings...                            

                                liked the book. one could compare this with davinci code and lost symbol. the dan brown style of writing is evident, or is it just me as i have read lost symbol a week back :) 
there were some mistakes / errors (not typos) in the book, which i cudn't write it here becoz of spoilers. i wish the proof reading was done correctly. 
but this didn't stopped me from completing this in one shot. will recommend this one for anyone who likes thriller / suspense and is in luv for indian heritage and myths.                            

                                One of the best fiction I have ever read........The parallel writing style is equally interesting in this case.....With a huge base of information. But be cautious about the right information(you should understand which one is fiction and which is not) unless you could not feel the beauty of the book......                            

                                I didn't thought this book would lead this hold on me before I read the review of book, I thought this to be extremely mythological and related to Krishna's sayings. but after reading it..it turned out to be amazingly and surprisely different. this is something new concept to touch. each and every detailed mentioned did satisfied me.. made me made roused to know and keep googl-ing-other facts too. the suspense was created very amazingly which did hold on me till I drop at last page. 

now: looking more forward to other Mr.Sanghi's writing .                             

                                The book has got an interesting plot. It is definitely fun to read and will keep you hooked.

Ashwin Sanghi however fails to polish his writing to the level you would expect a thriller to have. In most ways he tries to be like Dan Brown. At some points I could not tell if it was Ashwing or Dan.

For people who love thrillers and would like to try out a potentially great Indian writer, I would say go for this. It will not disappoint.                            

                                I like the book and the Ashwin Sanghi 's style of writing. Its simple and interesting.

From the very first chapter itself, the book started reminding me of "Da Vinci Code" by Dan Brown. But Ashwin Sanghi was excellent in incorporating different interesting theories heard here and there on Indian history, into one place and crafted his work in a   brilliant manner. I would like to appreciate his effort. For those who are new to the unheard history of India , will certainly find this book as an extremely thrilling one. This book will open up the readers's enthusiasm to learn more on the theories described in this book.

Print quality and reading experience is very good.



                                I felt this book was a desperate attempt to map it into a Da Vinci Code. Not only was the plot line an exact copy of it, but it also failed miserably in tying things together. There were many loopholes and unexplained conclusions throughout, which left me wondering if I actually missed out on any pages. This book, actually left me irritated that i read it and not many books can do that.                            

                                Author's intense research on three different subjects - Hindu mythology, Nuclear science and Genetics struggles to make the plot interesting. 

Many of the events and actions presented in the story seems illogical and baseless. Role of many characters are insignificant and story fails to develop each characters. In fact many characters are introduced after half the way which seems misfit. 

Story starts with a good suspense theme but fails to culminate effectively.

Also, parallel narration of Mahabharata story from lord krishna's perspective seems absolutely irrelevant with respect to the plot.

Overall, book fails to deliver an enlightened experience.                            

                                a blend of thrill and knowledge can't get better. if u want to know abt acient indian history....this is for u...even if u are not intrested...this can be for u, coz...the authour arouses intrest in u and the book is a masterpiece!!!! the narration is breathtaking...fantastic...a perfect blend of fiction and knowledge....hatsoff ashwin sanghi!!!!                            

                                Good book.. So much of twists and i feel so exicted in reading this book.. Totally i completed this book in 2 sittings.. Because i cant wait more than that to know the full story.. Excellent story... Thanks to Flipkart to bring this book in good price.. Thanks to Ashwin sanghi for a giving a worth book to read.                            

                                utterly disappointing piece from the master blaster of chanakya's chant...dont even dare to be allured by breathtaking trailer of this book...Though the writer here tried to tell a story in d category of religious / historical thriller...but it even failed to be atleast a thriller!  and the concepts of the history is far fetched,  notwithstanding the liberty of writer of this genre to concoct the history for the sake of a good thriller story...it will not thrill you rather annoy you with its overflowing preposterous theories...with no (at least a little) plausibility. The writer does not even know the art of delivering the tantalizing and fascinating facts from history subtly encapsulated in fast paced thriller (which is in my opinion a sine qua non of this genre of story telling). This book is rather a mumbo-jumbo with over abundance of mythological informations and many loose ends with a disasterous non conclusive and frustating climax....Its well evident that the writer himself did not know how to tie all the loose ends brought by him in this 464 pages of incoherent , absurdly imaginative trash. . Comparable with Dan Brown only for the form and genre ....but i cant even dare to compare this story with the 'Brownians" for content and style of story telling. It is rather advised to read this story with a prophylaxis dose of paracitamol (for impending headache) . I would rather like to congratulate the readers who will be able to read the book till its end...Only shining part of this gloomy review is the flipkart... and its delivery ...                            

                                Looked like the author just wanted to present his research without actually having a good solid plot around it. Can be read for the research but don't expect anything from the story!..

Chankya's Chant is far better than this book, would suggest to read that first.                            

                                Well researched, well written, explained with symbols which is comendable!, and a page-turner....
Cant put the book down till you have finished it....
I agree with all the views expressed by Piyush Shinde, Anshuman Swain, Indranil Pal, M Bharath, Aravind Rajagopal and  Nitya Prakash....
However, i do not agree with Prawal and Amol...

Worth every buck....
Excellent book....                            

                                The secret which will keep you hooked till the very end. The murder mystery along with the first person narrative by Krishna , of his birth , Mahabharat makes it a book you wont put down in a hurry..

The secret of Dwarka, mahabharat and all the age of mythology comes alive at one place.                            

                                its a suspense , thriller.. but mostly it is informative... awesome work by mr. ashwin sanghi.. must read for those who are fond of knowing exiting thinks and relate them in all other ways.. nice book..                            

                                Take a bow Ashwin Sanghi. A master piece. Recommended for the youth as it relates the science and Mahabharata exceptionally well. Besides a wonderful experience of reading a fiction novel, it will only make sure you start believing in Mahabharata without a second though. As mentioned by Mr Sanghi Krishna is History and not Mythology.
Three words GO FOR IT!!!!                            

                                The book is a complete treat to read for all mythological and thriller lovers. The plot is intense and always has your complete attention. The climax is superb too. The delivery by flipkart was as usual awesome, got the book within 2 days of the order.....                            

                                Heard about Ashwin Sanghi a lot for being an upcoming Dan Brown. To tell you the truth, he has a very long way to go.
Yeah he has done his research well and may have a big knowledge quotient but he really doesn't know the way to put things together in a novel....
He just can't make the reader believe in his theories, unable to explain. the book tries to explain how krishna was not a mythical character but was real but everytime it strays from its path and starts something else. Unable to create the thrill that was needed. A lot of the content in fictional part is highly illogical and unblievable.
But the story is great, you can give it a chance for the knowledge part of Hindu mythology.
In short production, script writing, research team was good. Direction, choreography, action was bad.
2.5 stars for story and research, 0.5 stars for the author.
Flipkart as always was good                            

                                After the great success of ‘The Rozabal Line’ and ‘Chanakya’s Chant’, Author Ashwin Sanghi has come up with another thriller. Indian Mythology has become one of the most appealing topics to present day novelists; the success of ‘The Shiva Trilogy’ has just given it another great push.

About ‘The Krishna Key’, I liked the way the author began, gripping the reader. This is the way the book starts.

“Anil Varshney did not know that he had less than twelve minutes left to live. His modest house in the Hanumangarh district of Rajasthan was deathly quiet at this hour except for the humming of the desert cooler. Varshney loved the silence. It allowed him to immerse himself entirely in the strange lettering and symbols that lay before him.”

As I went on with the story, I found everything was very well researched. Ashwin surely did a great job at sewing the pieces into a story.

Although, at some points, I felt that the way the plot was written, it was strikingly similar to Dan Brown’s, and it applies to some characters too. When I read this passage, I found as if he was talking about Robert Langdon.

“Saini paused. He loved taking little breaks when his students wanted him to proceed further. ‘From the exercise conducted by Professor Achar, it was evident that the Mahabharata war must have occurred during 3067 BCE-around five thousand years ago’ Saini said finally.

Everyone in the class seemed too surprised to ask any follow-up questions.”

The novel moves at a swift pace, shoving us with platters of information with each passing page, really puts your mind to work. His writing changes the way we see our history, making us see the changes which made us what we are today, from explaining the drowning of Dwarka to comparing the ‘Brahmastra’ with an nuclear bomb.

‘Do you personally believe that the Brahmastra referred to in the Mahabharata could have been an atomic bomb, asked Saini?

Kurkude laughed. ‘The source of all knowledge is to be found right here along the banks of Sarasvati, my boy. Why not nuclear energy?’

Now talking about the writing, the dialogues of the novel seemed very unreal. When Saini was getting arrested and Priya tries to assure him, this how is how she says it.

“Don’t worry, Prof! As you know, my father- Sanjay Ratnani- is a leading criminal lawyer. I’ll ask him to represent you. I’m sure he will be able to clear up this mess. For the moment, though I don’t think you have any alternative but to go with them” These dialogues seem forced at that point of time.

About the book, I would say, it is a perfect example of combination of a good plot and mediocre writing (to be gentle). He thrilled me with the brilliant start, but let me down at the end. It could have been so much better…



                                After reading the book I realized that I am so unaware of my own culture... What we had as knowledge is lot of times what we have today...!!!

OK! The author is really amazing at telling stories... I have already read this book... But I am buying it as I want a copy as my own...!!!

The story is gripping and you wouldn't want to keep the book away.........!!!                            

                                It might seem similar to "The Da Vinci Code", but nevertheless its a very good read.
You get so much involved in the story and the information (however biased) it provides you, that you can't keep your hands off it.
The typical scheme of Ashwin Sanghi of providing a simultaneous flow of stories in 2 different times keeps your curiosity level on.
At some palces the incidents are too hard to digest, but it builds the plot in the story.

A very insightful and entertaining book, a must-pick for mythology and history lovers.                            

                                This is the best book by Ashwin, compared to the all three books. Nice way of narration, together with Mahabharata story in line. I like the way Ashwin gave us his imagination about the Krishna. The facts in the books looks quite real. At last a nice book for the people who want to know about Krishna.                              

                                Ashwin Sanghi has overdone it this time. I read Chanakya Chant, liked the concept and got this book. But boy was I disappointed! Its a vain attempt to write an Indian Da Vinci code.The book can be summarized in one line. Every thing in the world is related to every other  thing ( as per his convenience of course) and  they all have their roots in India.

Characters lines are flawed. Everybody goes the roundabout way perform simple tasks, thereby ending up only complicating the story. It seemed like twists had to be force fed to make it a "thrilling novel.                            

                                Yes, the quality of writing is diminishing (It was never world class).
Should take a break, go to the hills, play with your kids or something.
Please do not write another load of sh*t like this.
Krishna Key is written just for the sake of publishing another book while his name (Mainly due to the Chanakya's Chant), is still hot. No people, no point in spending on this.
And, as for Flipkart service is concerned, no complaints there. Got the delivery real quick and safe.                            

                                The pace of the book is good & will keep u engrossed .The story telling is non linear.I believe Ashwin sanghi likes to write in a non linear fashion.The story ends on a philosophical note another aspect of Ashwin's writing.A good read ,if a movie will be made it will be better than any Abbas Masthan thriller.                             

                                Am truly fascinated by his ability to draw parallels between history, mythology and science... The book is has a gripping storyline.... 

Could well become India's Da Vinci Code if made into a film....                            

                                Don't think twice. Just buy it. After Da Vinci Code and Angels & Demons, this is the next book that kept me hooked. I couldn't put the book down. I was in a trance after I finished reading and still am. Though it's a fiction, you can't just stop yourself from believing everything in the book.                             

                                The description says that this book is about Kalki avatar. But this Kalki avatar characters fades after half book is over. After that, this character is just present in the story because it was introduced initially. So why to sell a book on a character which does not add value to the story?
Also you can't really make connection with other characters as well. I could not really make out what was the base for killings in the story. Just for the thrill?
There is no connection between Mahabharata story and the story in current time. So why these parallels?
The narration style is same as that of Dan Brown; except the quality is lacking.
Book is only good in bits and pieces. After the book is finished, you do not even remember the the information provided as it becomes overload.
At the end, this books makes you think, why did I even read this book?                            

                                Poor work like this discredits the Indian author community. Good research, but everything else, including the editing is horrible. The character descriptions are laughable to say the least. Complete disconnect with anything realistic. 

Do not read.                             

                                When I started reading this book, I could get the nostalgic feeling of reading Da Vinci Code.. Plot revolves almost like same, presenting historical facts, nicely served with fictional line of the story. 

But I still feel Chankya Chant was the best work by the author.

Overall a nice a read for a night long journey in the train.                             

                                An interesting novel. 
Great companion during a travel.
However synopsis on the back cover is little misleading. The mythological thriller explores one of the Upakatha's of Mahabharata. 
Very much along the lines of Dan Browns.                            

                                    The Krishna Key by Ashwin is a great work of mythological fiction, I had read till date. There should be years of research to deal with this kind of historical fiction. The tale is very gripping with nice turns and twists. The author had related the artifacts of Krishna age with the present day story in such way that the readers and fiction lovers would not be flipping the pages. Author also gave a nice information of the Mahabharatha and Sri Krishna's life. With these kind of works people will be more interested in visiting the sacred places and moreover they even try to know about the history of the India and life stories of the great people. After reading this book I eagerly wanna visit the Manasroovar lake and the Somanath Temple.                            

                                This was my first book of ashwin sanghi. He didn't disappoint me and have narrated a fast paced thriller turning to unexpected twists at crucial points.In this book,the overload of historical references will not make you feel irritated,instead it will only increase your interest to read further.In short, it is a must read and hats off to the author for his thorough research.I think his hard work doesn't go in vain.                            

                                Well i bought this book after reading Chanakya Chant being under the impression this would be the same. To my disappointment the way of writing of this author was very different in this one, rather it was poorly written. It felt as if some parts of the story was just copy and pasted from Lost Symbol and Da Vinci's Code. There were some errors in this book as well. He describes the Kalki Avatar in the book and then the person just loses character mid-way in book, which was ridiculous. It was a very weak effort from the author in narrating the story. Though the only thing that made me read this book till the end was the mythological research the author did.                            

                                1. The characters are not believable
2. The story is more theory than actual events
3. Nothing to hold your attention in the first 100 pages

The only plus is perhaps the Indian connection.

If you have read Da Vinci Code, you will be disappointed at this. If you haven't, I suggest you pick that up instead.

(Rating this as 1 star as there is no option to rate as a 0)                            

                                the krishna key is an excellent, well researched story with the  pace of a thriller.even those people who find history boring will love this book.this novel's protagonist will remind  Dan Brown's fans of robert langdon.ashwin sanghi's style of storytelling is more simple than his previous books which made the reading smoother and enjoyable.a must read for all book lovers.                            

                                once again Ashwini sanghi opened up tonns of information for his readers. Although story line has many loop holes in it - but still a nail bitting - seat gripping - jaw dropping book where u love to keep reading. Information about various aspects in mythology is eye opener. A must read for every indian who wants to know about our various cultural aspects in an interesting way.                            

                                It is such a well researched anecdote! Kudos to Ashwin Sanghi. After Chanakya's Chant I had been impressed by Ashwin Sanghi but with this book he has won my heart, turned me into his fan. Ashwin makes mythology so very interesting. And the way he has written this book it feels like all of it is real. This story gives us glimpses of Da Vinci Code and Indiana Jones, and it would be great if a Film is made on it. Keep it up Ashwin :)



                                My first book of Ashwin Sanghi! The concept of narrating the mythology concurrently with the fiction to conclude independently, yet, with a similar message was simply supreme.

The very decent plot is spoiled by poor story-telling of the author. The characters just don't seem comfortable in their roles and their actions seem coerced to fit in the plot rather than logical. Few thoughts might just pop up in the reader's mind:  Why this now?, Sorry, I just lost track of events. Could you come again?, Uhh, I'm still not convinced. But just that the author does not give you an opportunity.

If foundation gives strength to the house, architecture determines the reposefulness of the inhabitants. The Krishna Key has ample hypotheses to stand on, but lack abundantly in the latter part. In short, good story by a bad author.                            

                                Amazing is all I can say.I have read all three of his book & what astounds me is the amount of research he goes into.Finally an Indian author who uses both India's past & present & comes up with magic.I could not put done the book .Read it in one sitting.                            

                                Krishna key is just awesome book.it shows how old and true is our indian history.It is the perfect blend of thriller,history and mythology.clean and neat discription of every scene by Ashwin Sanghi is awesome.Once again flipkart \,,/                            

                                Loved the book.... 
Its been researched very well n it feels good to read abt our history.
This is the first book that I read of Ashwin,... planning to read the rest of his books now                                                                                                                                                                                                       

                                This book is disgusting. Complete copy of Dan brown. I mean " thodee to sharam rakhoon bhayia" . Dan brown ko India mein kaisee recycle kurein....

But what frightens me is the glowing reviews it has received by sm people...Facebook buddies?                            

                                Well, I was extemely happy to purchase the book via Flipkart. Thank you flipkart.

Its definitely a good book in the sense that I could not think anything else till I finished it.The links to historical facts is apt :)

Its worth the price and definitely will keep you entertained !!

Cons:

1) Kind-off predictable. This is with regard to the characters.
2) Not happy with the climax

Looking forward to purchase the other two books by the same author !



                                One of the most engaging mythological thrillers read in recent times.Twist & turns leave u spellbound and astonished at every turn of the pacer.The anecdotes co relating mythology and current parallel story makes it an interesting read.                            

                                Ashwin singh has done a wonderful job writing this book. The book is written after a thorough research and is one of the finest books i have ever read. Although the author claims it to be a work of fiction , but you will find a lot of convincing facts and logic in this book. The book has taught me a lot about my culture and its importance.                             

                                I bought this book looking at good reviews and expected it to be interesting like Immortals of Meluha but was a big mistake to buy this book. IT IS SUCH A BORING BOOK, I ever read. Author is heavily inspired by DaVinci Code, unlike DaVinci Code this book is uninteresting from start to finish. I read around first 150 pages of the book and last 20 or so pages and few pages in between and I swear I couldn't get interest at all. Ending of the book is similar to "ALCHEMIST" by "Paulo Coelho. 

Buy this book and bit of Iodex for headache :)                            

                                The author is extremely well learned in the aspect of Vedic sciences, Sacred Geometry, Cosmic purpose and the Historical evolutions of the Indian subcontinent. He has been able to put together all of this in a smart and thrilling plot, to educate common man. I have been studying Spirit sciences for sometime, and these revelations anchored my belief through the many scientific facts he presented through the course of this story. It was mind blowing literally. I could use this to deepen my understanding of Creation.                            

                                This was the first book i bought written by Ashwin Sanghi when i came to know about him... This book was bought with lot of expectations... First few pages seemed to be interesting... But the plot staggers a lot in the middle... The author presents a good amount of information to back his findings... But that is supposed to be the major con of this hype thriller... Also we are not aware whether the general information given are true... One must have atleast a slight knowledge of Vedas for better understaning.... On the whole, Not the best...                            

                                Note: this is my personal opinion, where i am a regular reader and have read quite a few books and feel eligible to write a review. 

having read a lot of reviews about the book and the author i had bought this book. was hoping that at some given point of the book will i find something ineresting. the corelation between science and myth and the clarity was lacking in terms of what the goal was or what the pursuit was all about...character's personality characterization and the actual story where characters enacting the roles are two different things with no relation what so ever. the persuit of goal was not clear. the scene, location, characterization, description, was a bit sub standard, where was finding it difficult to imagine how the characters looked or the personality, nor was i able to imagine a particular situation or a scene. 

dan brown everywhere, there can be inspiration but this is just like dan brown (no comparison, there cannot be one!!!) but should have a bit of ingenuinity which was not as prominent as it could have been.

not a great read according to me.


                                I have read all books of Ashwin Sanghi and i must say i love the others two but this one is not so fairly constructed. First of all, there are too many things to digest and i like historical facts but the way it produces is disappointing.Although there are some text mistakes as well the plot somehow lacks the gripping enthusiastic. The police run chase and criminal plot was good but not fairly compromised. But beside that the author has done a very good job on imparting such a whopping amazing facts about Hinduism and the Vedic age.                            

                                It is truly a great work by Ashwin. The book is very well researched and written. I enjoyed all corelations made by Ashwin. This book has been successfull in changing my opinions regarding the mythological stories in a great way. I actually had goosebumps while reading. Trully a great work.

And to top it all the book which i got was autographed one. Thanks a lot to Flipkart for the same.

Keep up the good work!!                            

                                The author has done a great job in collecting historical and mythological data (also giving lots of reasons to prove they aren't actually myths ) and showing their relevance and connections to today's scenario. 

The parallel stories of Krishna and the actual plot are well connected and gives the impression of going through two stories at once . This parallelism is better than the author's earlier attempt in The Chanakya's chant , possibly because Krishna's story is more entertaining . 

The actual plot build up is fast paced and intriguing in the beginning but slows down and ends on a very philosophical and sombre note not living up to its initial promise. 
In both the books (The chanakya's chant ) I think the author should have edited out some of the incidents in the last 100 odd pages and made the stories more crisp and engaging. 

However due to the sheer amount of interesting information and the concisely put story of Krishna , the book makes for a good read .                            

                                Loved the story and how deeply the author has given importance to Indians and connected the dots to all the ancient mysteries existing.
Lacks proper ending. Gets little boring by the end. Some part is really predictable.
Overall a great attempt to write on such a bold topic.
The Mahabharata Part at the beginning of every chapter is just Awesome!!
Good book for a Great Price !                            

                                Okayish kind of book when you compare it to Chanakya Chant. I did not find any similarity between the parallel story of Mahabharata and present day.

The book uselessly drags and what could have been a super awesome thriller story , ends like a dud..almost a bollywood ending.

2/5



                                Krishna Key,

A history lesson about Hindu Mythology, along with some logical facts which will treat you with good storyline!!!! Ashwin Sanghi has done great deal of research to present the facts about Krishna and technology used in the ages of Gods. 
It is a good read, I've reduced one star for the climax which I found not as thrilling as the first half of the book. The Author has not done fair with the Grey Character of the book!!! From the beginning till the end, you portray someone else the villian but it turns out there are lot of other characters involved, which steals the limelight of villian.

All in all its a good read and people interested in Indian History and Hindu Mythology will thoroughly enjoy it..                            

                                I bought this book after reading 'Chanakya's chant' which i had found enjoyable. Though this book starts off well ... somewhere in the middle of it ... the author completely loses it ... In an attempt to make it fast paced and woven, the author makes it so confusing and cliched that one loses interest in reading it further ... something similar happens in "the rozabal line" ... how is one supposed to follow 13 parallel stories at once ... atleast an average parson like me cannot. Plus the names and terms used sometimes are so made up and silly that they make one laugh.

Comparisons to Dan Brown are not at all warranted ... the works of this author .. though interesting at a glance .. fail to make any lasting impression ..                             

                                This adjudged “Davici code for India” really frustrated me. My third book that was based on Mahabharata. He could have saved his pages and my time as well, had he not simultaneously blabbered on the story of Mahabharata. No turn of events was impressive. Should have done a lot better home work. The end was even more crap. Mere killings and deciphering few lame codes can’t make a thriller. The so-called “gobbledygook” – which was the first crypt handed over to the lead by the first murder victim – was a simply deciphered by reading reverse. What the heck! I had better crypts even in the syllabus of my elective in 7th semester – Cryptography.
Nobody else to be blamed, because I read this even after reading his pathetic Chanakya’s chant novel – the irking part in it is, almost all dialogues were taken from quotes and jokes from internet and very commonly shared SMSs.                            

                                I was eagerly waiting for this book to come out as I had loved Chanakya's Chant so much and the description prior to the release was indeed captivating... But was thoroughly, fully and completely disappointed... The book is a work of fiction but the plot goes haywire all over... Once this and later something else... And this doesnt create any excitement or anything... The ideas that Saini keeps getting either have no logical explanation or it doesnt make sense... And let me not even mention the typos. 
It will just enhance your knowledge in mythology to the very least.

All and all, a big disappointment.                            

                                This book starts with a good note.. however there are too many details mentioned in book.. which makes it very dull and boring towards end. This plot looks to be completely inspired from "Da Vinchi Code".. Need to be more imaginative.                             

                                I read this book soon after I finished the Shiva Trilogy. I was expecting a little bit of similarity or atleast the interest the later induced.
This book was a real let down in almost all the aspects of a good book. 
The narration was rather cinematic (Like in a place the negative lady lead character laughs after killing some one).
There is too much of information that at some point you will not understand where the conversation is going to. 
And there are loads of similarity with Dan Brown's "Da Vinci Code". At times you will feel this is just a indianized version of the same.
In a nut shell, this is ok for a casual read, when there are no other magazines available.                            

                                The 'Krishna Key' is a book that cannot go unnoticed. It is fast paced, crisp and has a definite story structure. It is a whole new way of looking at the Indian Mythology, and the reasoning makes sense. The structure may be very Dan Brown like, but if you are not reading this book because of that, you are missing out on something exceptional. 

Hats off the the research and efforts of the writer, Aswin Sanghi. He as done a thorough job of weaving the Myth into modern day fiction. The only flaw maybe is the end. The reader maybe want something substantial to happen. 

My Verdict would still be a Five star.                            

                                The plot interested me to buy the book
Kudos to the writer for the extensive research work which is visible in the book. The plot though very interesting is slowed down by the narration style . Also did not expected to find errors like mistaking Saini's name with Priya or Radhika.... 
Inspiration from Dan Brown is very prominent throughout the book
However a good read neverthe less                            

                                Though i did not buy this book from flipkart, i have to say that Rs 140 Rs (Excl 50 if purchase is below 500) is quite a steal for such a good book.
It is a very fast paced thriller, ending up validating the age old truth
What you want lies within you, we have to search for it inside us and not outside.
Ashwin Sanghi has punctuated with condensed story of role of Krishna in Mahabharatha at the begining of every chapter and Graphical representations and photos just adds flavour to the drama.

All in all a well researched documentary and thriller                            

                                I was very excited on hearing about this book by Ashwin Sanghi. After reading his previous book Chanakya Chant I was very much excited to read this book. But then again I can say it dint live up to the expectation. Like in the previous book this one too has narration of the past at the beginning of every chapter. But unlike in the last book the narrations which enhanced the interest in story, the narrations from the past in this book act as a dampener. 

This book can be avoided if you are not a very big fan of Ashwin Sanghi or a vivid Krishna follower.                            

                                 Finished reading it today itself ...
If you are an avid Brown reader , you will be able to see the stark differences between his and Sanghi's writing .. It is all very evident that the author has tried to "imitate" Brown's writing patterns and styles  , if you will excuse me ...one of the main demerits was that that the grammar is , at times , a bit loose ... Also , unnecessary details have been provided about the smallest of the supporting characters' life , but instances as such were absent in the later parts .....Unlike in Brown novels , you may not be able to connect very well with the story at first .... it is not that gripping , according to me !!
The research done is quite appreciable and the interesting facts and myths make this book a good read .......                             

                                This book is strictly for Indian audience. Pepple who have read DaN Brown's novels- Angel and Demon and DA Vinci can draw a stark analogy between the stories. Basically its a pathetic indian version of DaN Brown's novels- Angel and Demon and DA Vinci .

I am shocked to see the degradation of Indain Novelists. Such an adaptation, in fact copy, of other novels.                            

                                A worth read, takes you into a journey of our very own rich, beautiful, intelligent ancient cultures, which makes you feel proud for being a Hindu to have had such a glorious & splendid past. 
I always wondered if any Dan Brown's work is made w.r.t Indian context, what the subject would be, & this answers perfectly.
Read it as a single individual work and don't try to relate it to Dan Brown's works, do not compare. Its brilliant in its own aspect.
A few typo errors here & there, the end could have been more interesting & nail- biting, none the less, an awesome read. Respect Mr.Sanghi, kudos to you.                            

                                I read this for one whole day (Last Sunday)...watching cricket, reading an intriguing book. I forgot everything else while reading this amazing book. 
An amazing search keeps you flipping over the pages one after the other....reaaly fascinating facts, a must read book for all the history lovers.                            

                                This book and writing style very much reminded me of Dan Brown. I am not saying Ashwin has tried copying him. He hasn't, Anywhere throughout the book. 
Book is about Shri Krishna, as the name itself says. Plot and the way story is woven is excellent. one can see  that a lot of research  has gone in making this book. There is thrill, there is history, there is insight into Hindu mythology, vedas and even a little of holy Quran and more over there is an entertaining solid story. Sure a page turner this.
A must read book! 
Well done Ashwin! kudos!                            

                                1st of all Flipkart service is very reliable I must agree. I am not at all a bookworm but I have no idea why I wanted to buy this. Now that am reading it, finding it to be a worthy purchase. The writer has kept the suspense throughout the book. And last thing, If 3 Mistakes of My Life can be a Movie, then surely Krishna Key qualifies with straight As.                            

                                First of all, this was in my wish list and was about to buy from Flipkart when my friend said that she had it with her and I could borrow. 

So like many even I felt that the germ of this idea would have come from Dan Brown's - Robert Langdon series (Da Vinci Code, Angels & Demons, etc.). Mythology with history added with some Conspiracy Theories. Though its nice blend of the mythology that we all as kids have read in Amar Chitra Katha seen in Mahabharath TV Series, but the story itself is not very engaging. I was forced to continue so that I could see where all this ended. Some twist and turns are there to keep your hopes surprised but they are Far and Few. The flow of the story slows, because of the overdose of explanation and references to books. 

Buy this - not because its a MUST-READ but because its not expensive, for some very interesting facts, and some very nice assumption. 

I havent read the first two books but maybe they were better. Because even Dan Brown's  'The Lost Symbol' was boring ... 



                                Thanks to Flipkart for shipping in 24 hrs like always. This is clearly a masterpiece in historical fiction. The recreation of Krishna's secret and mythological characters with their relationship with an historical proof makes you feel amazed. Most of them you will believe that it is not a fiction but a TRUTH.
I have read Chanakya Chants as well and both are amazingly superb.
I started reading the book on a Saturday Night and author forced me to finish the book within Saturday Night. 
Great work Mr Sanghi                            

                                like previous  Mr.sanghi book chankya's chant. Two stories run parallel, this time it's mahabharata which we all know ...  so that portion is neither much correlating with the other story nor it has details.
But the main story(present day) is interesting and appears well researched. Many times too much historic facts are thrown in to make story interesting. 
So, who are interested in historical meanings of symbols used in Hindu religion will find it interesting.



                                This is not original style. If someone has read few novels from Dan Brown, you can easily make out the similarities in style. The plot seemed very intuitive to me and I was able to think about the suspense part very easily. Some of the description of monuments is not very clear. Not upto my expectations. Nonetheless informative on historical counts.                             

                                Reading Sanghi’s "The Krishna Key" is just like revisiting the historical past of ancient India through analytical perspective. The author seems to have travel through time to demystify the magical powers and mysteries clouding the existence of the marvellous discoveries of the mythical India (Vedic India), with facts accumulated through centuries of scholarly research, which makes it a wonderful thriller fiction to read.                              

                                Without a shadow of doubt, THE KRISHNA KEY is one of the most thought about book in recent Indian literature. The deep knowledge that the book had shared are not only eye catching, but are proven with proper scientific reasoning, which makes it more interesting. The story telling was very clear and the grip was never missed. Twist and turns are so surprising.
The author also kept the balance between the religious believe and the story in a sync. At end, the book made me write so much things that can be kept as important teaching, for whole life. 
And the most important thing -"Philosopher is more important than Philosopher's stone"- so , heads off to you ASHWIN. Great work !!!                            

                                Its a fast paced thriller but from beginning to end seems like the copy of Davinci Code(may be that's Y some called Sanghi as the Indian Dan Brown). Here Jesus is replaced by Krishna and the holy grail by Krishna Key. But Sanghi definitely made a good research about the history of India and the ancient science and technology.                             

                                This book is a near masterpiece. We have our Dan Brown.
Your thought process is definite to go for a change once you start reading the book. It opens up so many avenues to think and arrive at a logical conclusion. Must read!                            

                                Just finished with The Krishna Key by Ashwin Sanghi.. Distinct writing style which invokes curiosity however one has to pinch himself time and again not to be swept by the deja vu feeling of Da Vinci Code and Dan Brown's style of storytelling.. 
Yet it falls miles short of the authoritative way in which the Dan Brown blends facts with fiction.. The fiction in this one always feels so contrived..                            

                                Its a fantastic saga of mythology & history mixed up with the modern masala of bollywood kind of story telling..
Very interesting to read + gives of loads of information regarding the history and mythology of India. Anybody who finds the Indian mythology intereseting would love this book.
It also reflects the knowledge with tremendous research and hard work done by the author for the content of this book.
Completely mind blowing thriller and a must read..                            

                                First of all no issues with Flipkart's service. I ordered this book along with The Mahabharata and The Ramayana however I was tempted to read this first!
Secondly the story about Krishna and his antics are well captured however the I feel that the author could have ended the story in a nail biting way.
Nevertheless, kudos to Mr.Sanghi for having put the efforts to research and collect facts and make the story as interesting as possible.
I enjoyed this book however it slightly misses the "gripping read" appeal unlike Chanakya's Chant.                            

                                No doubt, there's lot of historical content which is the backbone of the novel and it makes every indian reader proud to know about glory of our history. What's painful is there's absolutely no story which binds the facts together. I have read all three books of Ashwin and I doubt his literary skills as writer. All he does is put one fact after other without a plausible story and the character have no clear notions and motive. for instance -
1)  Ravi Saini keeps talking about unrelated facts without need while priya and radhika act like 5 yr kid asking questions ...just to show off the historical facts collected by Ashwin. Never there's a clear motive to save their lives or achieve whatever varshney indicated them to...
2) They went to Kailash to circumvent it or find some clues :P
3) Taarak Vakil never questioned this stupid notion of being Kalki Avatar till the end
4) Same facts are retold by Priya, Ravi and others in same style over and over again..are they two separate people or the same guy Ashwin.

I would rate this 3 stars and would say the best pages in the book are the acknowledgements.  I hope Ashwin tries to tell a story out of the facts next time.                             

                                thought u find lot of interesting stuff in this novel about our Indian mythology  its pure replica mixture of Robert Landon adventure....some of keys points well researched have to be appreciated...other than that u find all  those Landon stuff from da vinci code and angels and demon ..



                                I had read Rozabal line and thought it would be a good idea to pick Krishna Key by the same author.

Amazing points:
- There are times when you go WHOA! So amazing is the research in the book. 
- The twists and turns of the book sure gives you an edge-of-the-seat excitement 

But then :
- Well, after all those twists and turns, the book takes the reader's intelligence for granted! Some things (the character aspect) behave in ways that do not suit the original picture. Sad!
- The end is such a disappointment; specially after you know that it could have been so so soo much better.                            

                                The book is interesting in  the beginning, then as the story progresses it becomes more and more boring. I found it quite difficult to finish the book!!! 

To be frank, it was a roadies task to finish the book!!                             

                                Mr. Sanghvi should definitely be congratulated on this amazing piece of work. A very high intrinsic level of research has gone into the making of this book and it definitely shows in the way Proff. Saini's character has shaped up ! a swarthy character with encore knowledge of Indian Mythology is definitely intriguing... Good job and waiting to read the other two work's of Mr. Sanghvi !                            

                                Well, first things first... I got the book delivered in just 2 days. Flipkart does its job excellent every time..

Coming to the book, this is indeed the best thriller book i've ever read.The story has a great plot.All the characters are explained in detail.The language is easy and fluid. Ashwin Sanghi is no doubt the 'Dan Brown of India'.It contains all the ingredients necessary in a thriller.The reader will be amazed as the story takes the twists and turns. Ashwin Sanghi has done a lot of research before writing this book and it actually reflects while you flip the pages. My suggestion to you is to go for it without any second thought.                             

                                Well, Chanakya Chant was my first encounter with Ashwin's writing. I felt worth reading his other books too. I just wanna list the best and toughest parts while reading "The Krishna Key".

The best parts:
 - well researched, makes you satisfied (only if you like) when you are learning new nectar from Mahabharata.
 - neatly edited book, helps you to easily switch between 5000 B.C to 2012 A.D!
 - Pictorial representations deserve perfect 10.

The toughest parts:
 - Ashwin explains each and every thing in much more detail. That's good, but could try to avoid explaining even the dumbest things in details!
 - In order to authenticate his researches, he provides the comprehensive appendix-listing most of them. But, should have avoided telling the 'source researcher' name every time in between the novel.
 - THE TOUGHEST part is this - You can't differentiate which one is actually fiction and which one is truth from epics, vedas! I tried many times, but failed miserably :(

So, if you are going for this book, here is my only suggestion: 
"Sit Back Relax, Have a Pencil & Notepad ready!"
Given that there are atleast 250+ person names mentioned & 100+ names actively used in the novel - Pencil & Notepad is must!!! (atleast pencil, you can use the last 3 empty pages as notepad :) )                            

                                I had ordered this book last week. Received it the next day.. Thanks to flipkart.. To say about the book.. It is really awesome to see the Face getting surprised on turning the pages.. The Mahabharatha With the Modern Scripts are just  fascinating.. Hats off to the Author Ashwin Sanghi ..... Awaiting the books of him..!!!!!                             

                                I am seriously an avid reader but usually refrain myself of giving reviews as many readers i guess are too easily impressed ..anyways this was a nice read completed in two nights..its pacy and good, the plots are good but wished some more of mahabharata could have been sandwiched...its like reading two parallel stories at same time but after reading Chanakya Chants i really was expecting a bit more                            

                                The situation based knowledge related to History, Religions and Science imparted by the Author is surely Mind Boggling. If anyone asks me 'What should I Read', I'll answer ' Read This Book'. Not only will you be enlightened with the knowledge you will also get engrossed or rather I would say engulfed by this literary work that marvels in plot, character sketching, history, vedic knowledge and many such minor and major surveys cascaded by the author in One book.                            

                                A nice read. Very neat narration. Makes you read till the last page. Good to see lot of Indian authors coming up now a days who has the capability to attract younger readers.

I had been to Meluha then came back to Panchavati to talk to Nagas, now desperately waiting for Vayuputras to take the oath :)                            

                                Rip off of "the Lost Symbol" by Dan Brown. 

Shallow characters and undiluted stream of arbitrary historical conspiracy theories. 

Avoid it. 

~Ashamed to admit that I bought it. Writing this to fill the 200 character limit                            

                                I bought this book after reading numerous good reviews about it here but I didnt like the book as much. The protagonist Ravi Mohan Saini bores you to death with his ever long long descriptions of history and connection with mythology, science and religion. His hypothesis seems flawed at times and uses 10 random stories to explain one thing which was not even entirely related to those 10 stories. The book floods you with facts facts facts about history and connections here and there.Author narrates the entire mahabharata, touching upon history of india, lost civilizations, jesus, allah, mesopotamia, nuclear activitiy, bing bang theory, Einstein theory, cloning, stem cells etc etc. Must appreciate author's arduous research to actually quote and co-relate the myriad facts but had he confined himself to specific topic (like Amish did in the Shiva trilogy) the book would have been marvelous. The story which weaves together all this lacks lustre as it becomes too bollywood style and difficult to digest

Read it if you have lots of patience and passion for History and mythology.

2 stars for Author's immense hardwork and research behind the book.                            

                                I LOVE YOU, Ashwin Sanghi.  The book is extremely well researched.  It is simply unputdownable.  I have finished your book in 3 days flat.  You have so inspired me that I will go on to read your other two books as well.  
For the readers of my review, I suggest that you start the book with no hopes of how other writers write.  Ashwin Sanghi will grow on you after the first 30 - 40 pages.  After having immersed yourself in the history, mythology and fiction of the story, it is smooth sailing till the end.  
I have enjoyed the book and will certainly recommend it to the reading public.                             

                                The author has beautifully put together mysterious stories / concept about Ancient India. I feel it was definitely worthwhile purchasing this book. I also purchased other 2 books by the same author: Chanakya's Chant and Rozabal Line.

Go for it.                            

                                Firstly, Kudos to Flipkart for the Excellent service. I ordered it on Saturday evening. I received it on Sunday afternoon.

Secondly, One has to appreciate the enormous amount of time and effort that the author had to put into this book. It is not a joke to make such a book like this. Hats off to him!!!

Thirdly, The story line, the plot twists, the history --- AMAZING !!!

Fourthly, The Narration -- Well... I would say it was balanced. It had moments where I couldn't keep my eyes of the page. It also had moments where I just felt like skipping across to something more interesting. I felt that very initially, the author tried to portray the protagonist as Robert Langdon but it didn't quite work.

Overall, a definite read if you're into History, Mythology, Science and what not :)                            

                                i have read previous book of the author and clearly the author present fiction with details that have relevant historcial significance. he has penned down india's eventful history that many of us aren't aware of or dont even acknowledge. looking forward to his upcoming work.                            

                                If you have read the Da Vinci Code, it is advisable please dont read this. The book is way too similar. It is disturbing to read an indianized version of the Da Vinci Code. 
It definitely has some gripping facts about Krishna, and Somnath temple, which are nice to know, and the style of the author is something to appreciate.

All in all, read only if you are damn bored and cant really do anything other than this.                            

                                Mixing facts with fiction is an art and takes a lot of patience,research and imaginative creativity to pen down an absolute tale. Ashwin Sanghi has done it all and done a very good job indeed. Being a fan of Dan Brown , it gives me immense pleasure to say that indeed Ashwin Sanghi can very well be labelled as Dan Brown of India. The plot is riveting , the description of all the historic places in the plot will take the readers onto a surreal visual journey and the depiction of facts is at the right time . Must read for those who are into symbols, history , myths , legends and of course fiction.                             

                                This has to be the most ridiculous and wannabe book I have ever read in my life. It is a desperate attempt to ape Dan Brown through a combination of co-incidences and half baked "research" (and I use the term very very loosely here), with loose ends and discrepancies between different parts of the plot liberally strewn across the narrative. Simply avoid, especially if you are a sucker (like me) who does not like dropping a book mid-way having started reading - however bad it may be.                            

                                First of all thanks Flipkart for such a robust delivery procedure. The book came well packed and the paper quality is awesome.  It's a beautiful book, a must read for ones interested in mythological and historical aspects our ancient times. Though a fiction, the book en-grasps you like it is happening and has happened in a world created so real by the writer. Waiting for the next masterpiece by Ashwin Sanghi.                             

                                The story is really good. I am still in the middle of the book. The plot is good. The writer has done a little bit of research.  The language is simple. The story is mixed with a religious tinge that makes it engrossing.                             

                                very worth to read, because the story contains very amazing information about india. But what isfelt is, author stuffed too much information on this, while i finish i forgot loads of stuff about the incidents mentioned in this book. too much of anything is gud for nothing, i maybe wrong, because inadequate memory power. But very rare and amazing facts/history is mentioned about india  dont miss this book, as everyone said, he is an indian danbrown !!!                            

                                take a bow, MR. SANGHI. the amount of research the author have undertaken is evident from a 7 page long bibliography. the result is a masterpiece. yes, it has shades of DAN BROWNISM and bundle of sub-plots, but considering the sheer vastness of the subject, these minor limitations can be easily overlooked. "UNITY IN DIVERSITY" is the moral the author tends to preach and have solid evidences to corroborate this theme. the book is loaded with so much information that u can't make out facts from fiction, vice verse. the book also helps you understand the might of HINDUISM. u just can't afford to miss this.

JAI SHRI KRISHNA...                            

                                Nice book to read but the end could be been less confusing and more intresting.. Good Research done by the author and really deserves an appreciation for the same... The calcuations and research shown in the middle of the book was just awesone                            

                                This book is worth the read, or so I feel. Once you start reading it, it's tough to put it down... until you reach the last thirds of the book. But still, I've had great fun in reading a book like this after a long time. Unlike Dan Brown who keeps you wondering if anything he's written actually involves real facts, this author presents a neat compilation of all the sources he's referred to as a bibliography and then also states that he's modified them to suit the plot accordingly. 

On the whole, yeah, read it once, it's a good read :) Oh, and flipkart did an awesome job of delivering the product, loved their touch of adding bookmarks along with every book purchased :)                            

                                The book is worth a shot. A wonderful work of merging mythology to science fiction. I enjoyed all the pages except the last two pages. After such an entertaining adventure, when you end up with nothing and give a philosophical thought as the reward, it irritates the reader. I will give 108 out of hundred for the story but only 8 for the ending.                             

                                The story is terrible. Poorly researched, bad pacing, un compelling characters, inane plot - the list is endless. In short a whole mug of stinking piss. Bad buy, wasted time and lost money. i recommend to keep away.                            

                                One of the reviews in Flipkart has hailed the author as Indian challenge to Dan Brown. Well, congrats, Mr. Sanghi. Personally, this is exactly what I didn't want to happen with the author of Chanakya's Chant. I feel one of the main reason why the story lacks integrity is the amount of historical info or conspiracy theories that characters divulge during their long dialectical acrobatics. It is a typical case of the person seeing exactly what he wants to see by looking at things in such a perspective which satisfies his ego, however biased it is. What made Chanakya's Chant so interesting and lovable is it's method of fusing past and present without rhetoric. It was innovative and fresh and Mr. Sanghi is capable of delivering good stories. The most disappointing feature again is the sheer lackluster climax, comparable to a a much-expected baby ending up being a still born. Mr. Sanghi could well have aborted it. As a history student I am indeed offended by the distortion of historical data and their interpretation. Such reservations cast aside, Mr. Sanghi's intention to reveal his audience the magnitude of the month-long research has backfired. Muddled by all these diversions, both the narrative and audience are forced to reboot at many a points in the story. Had Mr. Sanghi restricted the amount of info and dealt carefully with the data in hand, as such only the relevant stuff ended up in the book, who knows, the The Krishna Key may have unlocked another level for the gen-Y Indian literary sphere.

Pros: Interesting beginning, promising plot and loads of conspiracy theory.
Cons: Climax is a damp squib- irrelevant and inconsequential to the 400-odd page narrative;
retrospectively the book offers nothing special from what other books in the genre offer;
heavy distortion of historical data and interpretation;



                                The facts that are given in the book is very interesting to read.
But when it comes to the Plot of the story it seems like a Bollywood Masala Movie.

The story Beings with a Person who thinks himself to be a Kalki Avatar but there is not much of him in the story.
Again of the character of Don SRI KHAN the  is not well potrait, and it does not seems so convincing.

Finally I will say it has the pot boiler theme of any Bollywood Movie(Probably written keeping in mind of making a movie) but from reading point of view I am slightly disappointed. 



                                A worthless book , much over hyped , but  a poor imitation of angels and demons....
The storyline is same except with krishna elements wihich dont create much interest.
Seriously dissappointed after chanakya's chant. 
NOT WORTH A BUY.                            

                                This book feels like a poorly written Dan Brown. As mentioned in other reviews, it is overly cliched and in some places feels like reading the script of some masala movie.

If you enjoy literature and if that's the reason you buy books - *STAY AWAY*.
If you read books just to kill time, then maybe it is a "not-so-bad" buy.                            

                                A very good Book Indeed. A very good collection of facts were collected and connected to each other. The first half was very much exciting and thrilling, but in the second half it was somehow lacking the thrill. Also one thing needs to be highlighted, Kudos to the author for summarizing the Krishna Mythology and Mahabharata in between the chapters.                            

                                Better read Irawati Karve's Yuganta or Prem Panicker's translation of MTV's Randamoozham if you need a realistic commentary on Mahabharatha or the events related to that. This book has probably taken inspiration from those along with Da Vinci code. Also could relate few of the earlier "on road" sequences to the hindi movie "Khaki". Author also tries to blend myth, architecture, archeology & urban legends. As long as the reader is aware that this is "FICTION", things are fine.
Its a quick read though...provided you already have an idea on what the author is talking about when it comes to Mahabharath.
The initial pace is not maintained throughtout and slackens a bit at the middle. The part about a character Sir Khan is stretched and feels like an unwanted addition, though some might argue that is the main part of the plot. 



                                The Krishna Key is one cyclone of a novel! Wear your seat belts and embark on a blood-pumping wild ride with the Protagonist to oodles of sacrosanct sites in search of Krishna. Really? Read ancient mantras, see forgotten symbols and flip through your history text books, ponder over amazing facts; let your mind wander to the deepest seas and forgotten caves at the end of it you will realise that you have the power to transform your own lives! 

Kudos Ashwin Sanghi for a brilliantly well-researched novel! The Dan Brown of India has arrived just like Krishna who arrived on the Earth 5000 years ago!                            

                                Finally we have an Indian Author who writes such fascinating thriller that it can be compared to foreign authors' thrillers. Hats off to Ashwin Sanghi for producing another fabulous thriller. I hope he produces more such interesting reads and entertain us!!!!!                            

                                Superb. Sanghi improves with every book. Far better than the Chanakya chants but still I would place this one second to the Rozabal Line, which I believe is his masterpiece. The Krishna Key is fast paced and well researched. The pace never slackens and the ending too is good and sensible. He is India's Dan Brown- especially with his detailed study and explanation and theories regarding Mt.Kailasa and Hindu symbology. His language too is good-the right balance, not high flown but not prosaic either. The book is informative too. A clean read without wavering from the primary plot. And the book is so affordable. I bought a copy for myself and have also gifted several of my bibliophile friends copies. All of us loved it.                             

                                A stretched, badly written, poorly edited book that would have gone into the trash bin had I not been a lover of books. Now I don’t know what to do with it. I wish there was a dignified way of disposing off crappy books like this one.                            

                                If you want to read this book, its better you read the Da vinci Code.This is simply the Indian version  of that book.The plot is copied from da vinci as well as the characters.There are un-necessary details which are completely irrelevant in the plot.So better not waste your time reading this..But some information about ancient india was really good.The author has done good research on the past of india.So it would be good if he concentrates only on history rather than thriller.                            

                                Very sorry to note that there is no direction in the book or the story and the author has tried to imitate a Dan Brown (Angels & Demons). I suppose that Indian fiction writers need more maturity and to yet to come of age. 
The earlier book was better but this book proved an absolute too fantastic and absurd story line. Not fit even for light reading.                             

                                1. Bad suspense sequence.
2. Story not getting connected at times.
3. Editing is shabby
4. The so called modern explanation of mythology and history is not palatable at times.
5. There are definitely better books than this for the same price                            

                                Beautifully written book which binds your interest throughout...
The pace is steady and moving and always makes the reader hang on to every word and waiting for the next climax with anticipation. The background is vivid and engaging and is very much changing....
Just go for it if u luv thrillers...                            

                                Kudos to the author for writing a book in such an interesting manner with facts and fiction intermingled flawlessly! I can say that I am only very happy to have stumbled upon this book while surfing books on flipkart. The author has done a fantastic job in the way he has written this book and so I ordered another one of his, Chanakyas Chant, which is already on its way home!

Thank you Ashwin Sanghi for such a memorable read! Cheers!                            

                                Mythology and its relvancein today's time and how close we live to history is one thing that this book brings to fore.

Undoubtedly a great read. specially in todays era of self help, and healing and counselling. This perspective of mythofiction is amazingly soothing.                            

                                for sure best out of the 3 books written by Ashwin......very fast paced action pack story and the best part is its running parallel with Krishna narrating his story.....I wish smeone makes a movie out of it.

And as usual flipkart delivery was amazing....got the book delivered within 3 days....have been using flipkart for a few purchases and they have never disappointed....                            

                                First of all It is an amazing work by Ashwin Sanghi.
The story which is said by Lord Krishna in this book is well narrated
The story which is present day is very thrilling and there are unexpected twists and turns in the course of the story.The concept is very clear and it is well researched.The author has made Saini (A character in the book) a genius who relates the architecture of the buildings to religious theories and makes it unbelievable.This book reveals certain truths which many people in India would not have a clue about.
In the story the murderer does his job really well without any evidence and the very unexpected twist reveals the true person behind the murders and the reason for the murders.
The picture representation helps the reader understand the story better.
There are no noticeable mistakes in the story.
However there are a few printing errors which are negligable if the reader understands the story well. 
Overall it is a great book and I would recommend it for everyone to read.
And as always flipkart delivered the book within 2 days and it was a pleasure ordering in flipkart.
I rate the book 4/5.



                                I picked up the book seeing it was a bestseller and hoping to find something interesting to read. I was highly disappointed. The writing style is tiring and the main characters starts giving lectures at the drop of a hat. Even other characters in the book are tired of him.
It is not researched at all, may be a very basic internet "research". For e.g. The Taj Mahal/tejo Mahal plot is picked up from stupid forwarded trash emails which were sent out 10 years back as multiple forwards to everybody.
It always seems as if the author is trying to do an Indian version of "The Da Vinci Code" + "Angels and Demons".



                                This book is a work of mix of mythology history and fiction.this book is an awesome read but not for every one.many will not be able to digest the facts given in the book. i personally liked this book very much .in this book he turns mythology into history by providing evidences for which he has done a lot of research even though many are mere fiction.
i liked the climax ,it's actually like synonym to aham bramasmi  



                                The writer gives so much knowledge about the history of ancient India and how India lost many of its valuable assets during raids from various kingdoms. And the twists in the story are like awesome. But its a fiction so everything may not be true...                            

                                This is definitely the worst novel I ever read. 
1. First of all, the book is full of pseudo-science, superstition and non-sense. 
2. The so called "facts and research" are cooked up. 
3. The astronomical data given in the book do not match with one another. 
4. The storyline is freakishly similar to Da Vinci Code. 
5. Ending and conclusion are horrible. 
I am hitting my head with the same book for paying money and buying it.                            

                                My opinion is that the book stands out in some aspects but fails to tingle your brain. However, i do appreciate the author (Ashwin) for his research and efforts to carve out this book and i rate this book slightly higher than the much hyped, talked chanakya chants. Editing is shabby at places, the author has tried to keep you engrossed but has succeeded in parts. Hope his next book will exceed the exceptions...                             

                                Nice book.. before it i was reading david baldacci...vince flynn.. john grisham...but India has got talents...real good book. A good part one can get so much to know about indian ancient history and many layers of it                            

                                Dan Brown; take a breather. Ashwin Sanghi is now here!

The Krishna Key is the Da Vinci Code for India in truly Indiana Jones style. Slickly written with honest edge of the seat thrills and non-stop twists and turns! 

The Krishna Key is the hidden secret which is probably the key to ‘alchemy’ and thus the way to unlimited wealth. When 4 seals that together form the Krishna Key are unearthed by archaeologist Anil Varshney, he knows he found something extremely precious and dangerous too. He takes care to send them across to 4 trusted friends who would know it’s true value and safeguard them. But, the final avataar of Krishna – Kalki Avataar  - discovers of their existence and will go to any lengths to get them.

It’s left to his dearest friend Historian Ravi Mohan Saini to travel the key locations of Krishna’s life to safeguard the seals and keeping the ‘villains’ at bay. 

I must confess, I haven’t read too many books by Indian authors. Not for any racial bias, but I largely read only thrillers and that's not a genre for many Indian writers. A chance first chapter read in Femina made me get the book. The book moves at a fast pace and has very well crafted characters. From ‘Mataji’ to Sir Khan! What makes the story telling more fun is the fact that there are umpteen references to the Mahabharata and the Bhagvad Gita. For those of us, who never had the time to read and understand the key points of these mythologies, the book shares the relevant and the interesting parts in just the right doses! 

The book should also make a great movie. If I had to find a fault with the book, well in the end it becomes like a Hindi film with an ending that’s unbelievable. 

Nevertheless, a great book specially for a nice flight or train ride! Pick it up if you enjoyed Dan Brown or thrillers from Ludlum and James Patterson.



                                After reading the Chanakya Chant, I had high expectations from this book and it almost delivered to an extent.

The GOOD:
A well researched book with loads of conspiracy theories used for the plot. The inter-weaving of history with the current story is simply amazing. Fast paced thriller like a Ludlum novel keeps up through the end. The way he has explained the history (the crux of the story) will surely keep you stuck with the book. The pictorial representation of things certainly reminded me of Dan Brown style of writing. 

The BAD:
I found the story line cliched towards the end, The ending could have been done a little more, it leaves you with a feeling of wanting more in the end.

The UGLY:
They have goofed up the names (interchanged a cop name with convict) in couple of places which puts you off... hopefully they will correct it in the upcoming editions

Overall a decent read which will keep you stuck with it till the climax of the book..                             

                                In one word- awesome! This book is an eye opener with respect to history and facts. The writing is simple and doesn't jumble up complex jargon. Liked the character of Sahni and felt attached to the big guy. Could have been a little crisp. Would love to read more historical fiction from Sanghi.                            

                                Ashwin Sanghi has written a good book combining mythology, science, drama, action and fun. The book kept me engrossed in reading for 3 hours by which I had completed the book. The character of Tarak Vakil was not really described to the extent of creating awe and horror of a self-proclaimed tenth incarnation of Vishnu and a murderer both in one. 

The plot went on good till 300 pages however the end was a shade poor compared to the start and the middle. It felt like a copy paste of the famous 2008 mailer 'Truth of Taj Mahal' even the sequence in which Saini describes it is also the same. This could have been better. Also I am not sure why the author wanted to add the love story between Saini and Radhika. It was not needed nor relevant to the story. 

However the book is a good entertainment source and can be a reading companion. 4 stars out of 5 only because of the ending else it would have been 5 stars.                            

                                If you have already read Chanakya's Chant you know that the author does a lot of research while writing a book which makes it really interesting to read..
This book too gives a magnificent insight into the Indian Mythology... takes you through the facts that u might have never known...
If you read the first 5 chapters released by the author as a preview, you will know that he is building a great plot...
But unlike Chankya's Chant he fails to do justice to the end of the book...
The book has a really great start but looses grip as you approach to the end of the book... I personally found the end of the book quite disappointing and a wild goose chase...

The book is a good one time read and TO AVOID SPOILERS DON'T FLIP THROUGH THE PAGES OF THE BOOK BEFORE READING AS IT CONTAINS VARIOUS DESCRIPTIVE IMAGES...



                                Must Read. Ashwin has done a marvelous job. the story and style are awesome.
The Book was delivered the next day of order. Just within 24 hours of order. and I completed it in just two days. Now I going to order other books from Ashwin and read them all.                            

                                Mythologically Enlightening,though its a work of Fiction i believe.Went through many references and i appreciate the author for his endurance and hard work by getting out this book.I have already his earlier books,'Chanakya's Chant' which is wonderful too.                            

                                Its really a good thriller and overfilled with reasons. Unimaginable (sometimes unrelated) mixing of facts, thriller, history & mystery.  Overall, its good novel to read once & have that experience. Enjoy it!.                            

                                Well, it really does contain some mind blowing facts that can really like...  renew your faith in India, trigger your patriotism. A very good thriller. No big boooring description, quite fast paced . Best of Ashwin Sanghi                            

                                Good book.. first half of the book was absolutely gripping.. but slowly slowly it turned out to be a history text book alike.. Overall worth reading.. just go for it.. 
Bought Chanakya's Chant also after reading the book.. This author has an incredible talent to twist and decipher history in his own way..                            

                                This book seriously is a masterpiece. The author's seems to have a reservoiur of imagination. He has very well lined his imagination and given life to the book. The sentences are very well pharsed. This is a plus, It keeps the reader engrossed into reading.

It felt like reliving history, the logic's behind what we call "Myth" are well researched. The characters and the names chosen are very apt. 

On the whole a "MUST READ". Long way to go Ashwin Sanghi.                             

                                The author has clearly done some homework, for the amount of research he has put into the writing of this book is praiseworthy. 
Sadly that's all there is to it.
A poor attempt in keeping the reader glued to the pages. A plot with infinite potential, dragged around and abruptly concluded.                            

                                The one big let down of the book is that it just gives too much research, too much information. I loved the book for how much research the author had done, but putting all that into one book was probably not that great an idea

Conspiracy theories can be fun. But the resemblances to Dan Brown are one too many.  This book is a NO for people who get easily offended on the basis of religion. Think of it as a story and nothing more. The story is fast-paced and interesting, giving a fresh new look at our puranas. 

I dont know why people are saying that the first half is good and the second half is not. I  feel that the second half is equally thrilling and the ending is perfect.                            

                                Go for the Book, not waste your time to surf the Reviews... You will definitely find this book interesting... Very well 'researched' (even this word is also there in the book 'Re''search')... Nicely told...                            

                                This book has everything what it needs to be a thriller book. With the amount of facts and knowledge supported by the pictures, this book engages you till the end. 
When I first started reading this book, I thought it will be a normal book with facts provided along with it, but when i went along with the book i discovered the facts are not only provided nicely but are supported with the relevant pictures which binds you to the story and  you remember the facts more easily.
The book contains two stories : one is suspense-thriller crime story and second is the actual story of Lord Krishna whose narrator is Krishna itself.

If you like suspense-thriller stories and are fascinated by the historical facts...like me... then this book is a must-read for you.                            

                                Lovely book to know about some of the grand cultures of India. I want to see so many of such books to let this generation know about the importance of our Heritage..!! and  Interesting way to explain!! We can learn some things from Vedas, Mahabarata, about somanatha temple, Gajni looting etc. Everything makes to spell bound and you can really visualize everything in reel...!! I hope somebody will make movie of it.. It is such a fantastic book                            

                                The Krishna Key, once started reading, one can't stop untill he or she completes. A thriller which connect itself with Krishna's period and mounuments of India. The suspense and twists that start from middle till the end will make us surprised. It can be called as India's Da Vinci Code. And the Mahabharatha part in starting of every chapter adds to our knowledge. Its worth reading and thank you FLIPKART for giving this book at lower price.                            

                                Didnt like the book... too much theory and loose links ...

Felt as if i am reading my history text book.
Also didnt quite understand why the main character saini... suddenly gets involved with the lady cop.... it was too sudden to bear.... felt unnecessary...

Good theme wasted...                             

                                First I have to say the book is well researched.Some parts of the book taste as if its prepared by Dan Brown but on the whole its a new recipe in the Indian Cuisine by Ashwin.Lot of "Brownian" motion is also there which dies out early.                              

                                this time delivery was 3 days so not very happy cause i was expecting it in 2 days.
some interesting things coming out throughout the story. very well researched content. one third book is done and i am not very very eager for the end but i will complete it for sure                            

                                Print Quality- 3/5

   its below average quality printing. words are congested to tiny space. doesn't give a pleasant reading. A lot of spelling errors and repetition occurs here and there.

Story - 4/5

I wont say its the best one out there, but not the worst one too. the author had done a great job in connecting the History& Mythology together with real facts. 

the too much facts in the book doesn't spoil the pleasure of reading, they are very well arranged.

  The thing that bothered me was the sudden change of scenes without any acknowledged to the readers.. I think The author treated it with a more Movie     like approach.

As the matter of Suspense & drama the author had done a good job. But the climax was anticipated and quiet filmy.

Author - 3.5/5

I read this book just after completing "Sins of The Father " by Jeffrey Archer , so i was expecting it to be on that standard , but the Indian authors have a lot way to go up there. Though the author seemed to inspired by Dan Brown , but its not a copy cat [ every thing is inspired from somewhere in one way or another ]   

Verdict - 4/5

If you are seeking for something that will reduce the fact between Fact & mythology its a right choice for you. If you are expecting a top most suspense thriller its not for you..



                                The book is really awesome i mean the story is so full of facts and research,which really made me to think, is it that we are really a inferior race then the one actually did exist 5000 bc.Each and every young generation like me should read this book,hats of aswin .                            

                                What a novel...what a story...
People tend to compare this work with Dan Brown. I am a huge Dan Brown fan but tell me one thing...can Dan write about Krishna and Hinduism?
Please don't insult author's hard work and intelligence by calling him a copy of Dan Brown 
:(
Some people are even comparing Ameesh Tripathi with Dan brown...good joke.

I love mythology...and when mythology gets mixed with suspense...it becomes irresistible. 
Read this novel if you are interested in world religions...if you are getting sick of teens love story novels...                            

                                Loved the plot. The author has a way of sucking you into the tale and never letting go. I have observed this quality in many western genre fiction writers but not in Indian writers of commercial fiction. I am really happy that our novelists are writing material that is equally gripping, engaging and exciting. I, for one, look forward to now reading Sanghi's previous titles.                            

                                What could have been a good story turned out to be average "facts summary". Too much of facts and gyan leaves the reader confused. The story seems to be a small part of this whole arrangement. Too much of data is bad thing and thats what not so good about this book. He could have written three books from the facts he had inserted in one. In fact the characters of the story also at times gets bored and exasperated of all the gyan giving (Priya and Rathore). In an attempt to make it a gripping and fast paced book you have taken away the momentum a good read deserves.                            

                                After reading Chanakya's chant and also the largely positive reviews for this book, placed an order in Flipkart expectantly. Flipkart service was great as usual, but the book wasn't. While the historical and mythological tid bits are interesting, the plot is amateurish. It is almost as if the author wanted to somehow link the historical info and come up with a plot and not the other way around. Especially the second half is highly amatuerish. Give this a miss and save Rs.150.                            

                                Only sad thing is, every indian writer now wants to be Dan Brown, from Amish Tripathi to Ashwin... I don't know why they cannot write something which is not almost a copy-paste from international bestsellers... sick...                            

                                I am sorry to contradict so many reviews , but the book sucks. The author desperately tries to chase a "Dan Brown"-ish style of writing without much review. 
Amazing how unrealistic the characters are, each one fascinated by History and Hinduism. Instead of making a few relevant references, there are a plethora of information crammed in every few pages. 

That said, the book is good if you do not keep high hopes to begin with and are interested in learning random facts connecting History and Religion.                            

                                After reading Chanakya's Chant I was eager to get a hand on this book but after getting hands on the book, it was a big disappointment. The author fails to keep the reader engaged and the book is cliched and often gets boring.



                                Ashwin Sanghi is back and with a bang this time. After an awesomely written Chanakya's Chant, here comes another yet so different novel for the readers interested in thriller, mythology category. The book is a real page turner and you cannot resist to complete it in one read. The characters are very well portrayed. I recommend this book to all the readers who have slight interest in history/thriller/mythology and others who really want to have a good interesting read from a very well known emerging author. Kudos to Ashwin.                            

                                OPINION-BUY

-(1 STAR) AMAZING BLEND OF HISTORY IN THE PLOT/STORY
-(0.5 STAR) VERY GOOD PICK UP
-(0.5 STAR) FOR TWISTS IN PLOT
-DRAGGING ON IN THE MIDDLE
-PREDICTIVE CLIMAX

(2 STARS) FOR THE INDEX & REFERENCES. YES. 2 STARS

FOR THE MORE INQUISITIVE ONES, "AMAZING AMAZING" COLLECTION OF REFERENCES IN THE END.



                                The book which ll leave u asleep until u finish it..!!!the perfect page turner...!!
this is the best thriller novel which ll leave u with a  enormous knowledge of KRISHNA and of the HINDU MYTHOLOGY...it also shows the ancient knowledge and the science which our an ancestors knows...!!! IN MY LIST OF BOOKS ITS AT THE FIRST POSITION!!! IF EVER I GET A CHANCE I LOVE TO DO A MOVIE ON THIS!!!                            

                                I bought Krishna Key impressed with Chanakya' Chant. But I feel the style and writing are now getting similar and hackneyed. 

I hope Ashwin Sanghi choses a different topic next time, probably outside of bringing Indian Mythology with a contemporary twist                            

                                keep your friends closer, and your enemies much closer....... this thing is used by the baddies if this book..... to gain their deeds ....the baddies are total surpries .........interconnection between love  hatred ,attraction...easy transformation between those two have been shown awesomely                            

                                its a awesome experience to read this book...great bibliography for reference for further reading and some awesome facts/thoughts. This is the 1st book I read from the author and cannot stop ordering other two....hope will receive same booze from him.                            

                                The Krishna  Key is a must read.If you have read Rozabale line and Chanakyas Chant you will realise that this is better researched and has mind boggling facts,(fiction for that matter ).But Chanakyas Chant is better conceptualized than this .I would personally rate it between Chanakyas Chant and Rozabale line.

Regarding the book, 
The story is very gripping, the character Tarak Vakil is very strong(only in the first half though), few twists and turns are very enjoyable.But like roazabaleline the climax was again not upto the mark.

Despite everything I rate it 4.2/5 and to knowwhy you will have to read it ;)                            

                                I had read Chanakya's Chant and was expecting another potboiler from the author. It wasn't and I'm glad it wasn't! It's one of the most well-researched thrillers to emerge from Indian authors and one cannot but help wonder about the monumental research that Sanghi would have done in order to connect the dots. From the underwater ruins of Dwarka to the archaeological remains of Kalibangan, from the newly built temple of Somnath to the destroyed temple at Vrindavan, and from the majestic Mt. Kailasa to the Taj Mahal, there doesn't seem to be any detail that escapes the attention of Sanghi. The twist in the tale midway through the story had me draw in my breath given that it was so unexpected. One minor irritant was a few editing slip-ups towards the end but I'm more than willing to overlook this lapse on account of an otherwise brilliant plot.                            

                                One of the most incredible books that I have ever read. My respect and admiration for Ashwin Sanghi has grown by leaps and bounds after reading The Krishna Key. Not only does the book entertain and thrill but it also succeeds in raising (and answering) several questions that most of us have asked ourselves at some point of time. Science, archaeology, history, and mythology are effortlessly woven into the fabric of a story that is perfect for the big screen.                            

                                First, the usual, Awsum service by Flipkart. Hats off to them.
Now abt the novel, it has got too much of the information and less of the story. The last novel by same writer, The CHanakya CHant was too good, that was why I bought this one, thinking the same. But looks like, in an attempt to pour information on Lord Krishna's history, he forgot to put the story. 
Dint like it at all.                            

                                It the characters like Saini and Sir Khan could have been much more human like, then it could have been more interesting reading. It was somewhere feeling like hearing a live Wikipedia only. Also the stretch of the story even enough that the motion of the story often found lost - it was like doing Kabhi Khusi Kabhi Gam and Jab Tak Hai Jaan together. 

No offense, but the research is good enough, could be a good read for the research minded people on the Indian ancient subjects. 2 out of 5 on my review, Thriller wise.                            

                                +ve points
--------------------- 
1) huge amount of facts. really good research.
2) references for further readings.

-ve points
---------------------
1) copy of dan brown. sometimes you will know what will happen next. predictable and disgusting.
2) too elaborate discussions.
3) Immature plot. 
4) annoying character flashbacks (immature writing style)
5) unnecessary comparison of mythological facts with modern technologies.

my rating 1 star.                            

                                The novel is good. Not at all a bad read. It is also a must for all those who are interested in indian mythology and history. Kudos to ashwin for his research on this. But there a few boring moments in the novel and too elaborate discussions. All in all, a  very good book which gives some knowledge, unlike the flooding love and youth stories in to indian market by new writers. 4 cheers                            

                                Expectations were high before the release of a book by Ashwin Sanghi but turned out to be a complete dud of a read! The book failed to live up to the standards set by the author's previous books! 

The book is definitely an intriguing read, however one can't help drawing comparisons to the works of Dan Brown. Much kudos to the author for the vast research carried out before penning this novel, however the detailing in the book is over stretched as the author rambles on, reminding me of my history classes at school. 

The author resorts to his tried and tested formula of running parallel stories (linking Chanakya's story to that of Gangasagar in Chanakya's Chant) but fails to do so effectively in this book. The women characters who are determined and focused are likeable. The other characters are bearable though one of the villains who started out nicely ended up being a stooge to the plot.

The book could also have been proof-read better and the glaring mistakes which includes character mix-ups, facts, numbers etcetera, prove to be a spoiler. However, the author has acknowledged the same on his website which is indeed a consolation.

A race that promises a nail biting finish, loses steam mid way and fizzles out even before the finish line!                            

                                Total entertainment and loads of authentic info. The book starts with a bang and the suspense continues to evolve throughout the book. The research is impressive and presented in a very readable manner.                             

                                The Krishna Key is a mind blogging narrative for the conspiracy buffs like me. This is a beautiful mixture of scientific researches and fiction thriller. This is an unputdownable edition that does not stop a reader to put it down until the last page is read.                             

                                The author can be appreciated for the vast research and collecting the information and efficiently making it up for the novel.

+ves:
Writing Style
Good Narration
Linking Dots of Mythological Info

-ves:
After first few pages of reading, it gives impression that you are reading Davinci Code except the fact that it is happening in India. All the characters and their behaviour follows the same strategy as Browns'



                                All the hype surrounding it, the amazing cover page, the trailer that gave me goosebumps, the brilliance of his previous book 'Chanakya's Chant' - all of these gave me high expectations of this book. But it disappoints you highly. Here is a brilliant plot that could have dominated the modern Indian literature and Ashwin Sanghi manages to make a dud out of the amazing subject.
He tries to copy Dan Brown's style (which is painfully obvious) and in the process ends up making the book a joke. The end, which should have been a clinching climax to a magical mythological story ends up being a children's moral to a pointless story.
You feel the book should have been cut in half to save you the pain. Half the places the protagonists go to are pointless journey used more to fill pages than to add to the plot.
This book was especially painful for me, having bought it in return for promising to do the laundry for a whole half-month......                             

                                I bought this book with lots of expectation after reading the reviews. I was thoroughly disappointed. Plots were too similar to Da Vinci Code. The twists in the story were boring and predictable. I had a tough time trying to finish the book.
The only part which i could say was slightly enjoyable, was the mahabharata story.
On the whole, not worth the money.

Flipkart was as usual awesome. Perfect packing and fast delivery.                            

                                This book presents or mythological tales and secrets through a wonderful decorative way of a thriller. It reveals what must have been the truth behind our gods and goddesses and their tales.
The idea of immortality behind the shiv lings and the riddles are just beautiful.
The facts which we never gave a thought to normally are also put in this book like the importance of 108, om etc is just mystifying. 
And how youth like Taarak can be devastated if nurtured with anything irrelevant in the name of god
it helps us to not believe blindly on superstition.                            

                                I am a great admirer of Mr. Ashwin Sanghi, and I loved his previous 2 books. I had great expectations when I picked up THE KRISHNA KEY. After reading the book, I am mesmerized by the research work the author has put in, but I am somewhat disappointed by the weak plot. The book drags, and somewhere the reader feels bombarded with the fictional information !! The climax itself is weak and does not bring out the quality of a THRILLER !! 

Nevertheless, The KRISHNA KEY is a thoroughly researched book and is a Good Read. The overall plot could have been better.                             

                                The book as expected is good page turner. Every corner is filled with some interesting bit of history and myth. As pointed in an earlier review by a reader there are some jarring mistakes which is not expected from an author 3 books. 

The book falls victim to religious sentimentalism and ends being in no mans land, I kind of felt the climax was hollow and includes a cliche of religious unity.

All in all a good read.                            

                                Two cents:
- Seems like a decent consolidation of historical myths n conspiracy theories. But all known, wish there were newer things to know and learn. A little more research, Mr Sanghi and this would have been an formidable Indian competitor in the Dan Brown segment.
- Story line is not that great, expected better story from the author. 
- Typo Errors, too many with regards to names of characters. Editor needs to pull up their socks.

Overall an ok read, not a 'Don't miss'                            

                                remarkably this book is a one go read...you cant have a book marker for this one.
It catches your breath at certain points in between and letting your mind wonder whats gonna happen next...
blending mythological elements into contemporary ...is a catchy tradition and Ashwin followed it with brilliant zeal .
For those who wanna start afresh its a brilliant read...for rest it could give you a hint of Dan brown pattern...but who cares until the story and characters keep you possessed.
Waiting for more from ashwin! 



                                Apart from the historical part , the story goes nowhere. Some history and thoughts wrapped in a very bad plot. Too many unanswered questions, irrelevant references, and far fetched. Towards the end i enjoyed reading the snippets from Mahabharata rather then the actual story.



                                If you've read Dan Brown you'll know that this novel is "inspired". The book is Indianized version of English concepts and life - so while characters have Indian names, most of them are 40 something yet well built and single! The highlight of the story - the boy who thinks himself as an avatar comes up only to murder people but there's not enough reason for hims to consider himself an avatar.  
Then every character is devoted to and knows a lot about Krishna yet keeps up popping simple questions about him to other characters.
There's no real plot and the story is very poor.                             

                                The third novel by Ashwin Sanghi is a great work of research in the history. Frankly it takes the reader's curiosity very quickly in the initial part leading into interesting facts from Mahabharata. However in the end it just turns out to be a disappointing thriller build on a very good plot. Of course it is similar to Dan Brown's novels in various areas. It can still be a nice read for history bluffs and sometimes it does make you ponder about the significance of the great battle in today's time.                            

                                I picked up this one as soon as it came out, thought it would be as good as the The Rozabal Line, but was dissapointed. It builds up your interest fairly quickly but goes downhill mainly because Ashwin Sanghi stretches the entire story alot. And I mean ALOT !

Not really a decent buy.                             

                                Never thought I would learn so much about our culture, Kudos Ashwin for your master piece !! A must read, a page turner and what else, amalgamation of history, science & religion in perfect proportion, of course little bit of errors can be forgiven.

On the Whole A MUST READ!!!                            

                                The story is well written. Specially, the parallel flow of the Mahabharata . A very unique approach indeed. The writing shows the amount of research that has been put to make the story a reality. Those who like historical thriller would love to have it in their bookself. But the overemphasing of any event with the bunch of information sometimes made me crazy. It was not needed somewhere. Even though it shows the true effort behind the research, I felt, the depiction of certain facts and information was not required. However, the story makes you think (sometimes also makes you remember information also). Waiting for more such good thrillers from the writer.                            

                                Plot was copied from the novels of Dan Brown. Its as though Ashwin has blended the plots of the Dan brown novels which have Robert Langdon as Protagonist. The charecter of Radhika Singh resembles Inou Sato in 'The Lost Symbol', Taarak Vakil resembles Silas from 'Da Vinci Code', The murders of 4 scientists resemble the murders of preferetti cardinals in 'Angels & Demons'. The plagiarism in what Ashwin Sanghi has indulged in is too conspicuous. The disclaimer at the starting of the book is a disgusting one. It shows he has not done a thorough research to weave a fiction around facts                            

                                A good page turner but the plot got lost somewhere. Of course a book of this nature is expected to be "shocking" and have some fantastic alternate version of history. That part got seriously overdone in some places. 

End of the day, good for a read on the plane, nothing to remember after 5 years.                            

                                If you are at all interested in Indian vedic history, and the scientific facts in a fictional way. then here it is.

Bigger dhamak then chanakya chant.

Ashwin you rock, i an now eagerly waiting from you what next.                             

                                The start of the book and unfolding of the plot is remarkable, i loved the research that has gone into this book but the end was disappointing..i would still recommend this book as tells lot about the life of Krishna and some great facts..                            

                                i've read this book and its very nice:) i love the suspense and every turning point. I appreciate Ashwin Sanghi's writing skill. Its a page turner. You'll all will find this book very interesting:) I have read many nice books and this book is one of them:)                            

                                I finished the book in less than a day as I was unable to put it down owing to the brilliant flow of the plot and theories with every page, especially in first three quarters of the book.

To those who say this a copy of Dan Brown, I agree in that in some ways, scenes are directly lifted off The Da Vinci Code. However, I'd like to assert that Da Vinci Code was not the pioneer of the 'historical conspiracy' concept. The writing style is no doubt loosely inspired by Dan Brown 

There has been a mammoth amount of technical research and utmost perfection of intricate historical detail before crafting such a masterpiece. Rather than to emulate Dan Brown, Ashwin Sanghi in fact makes the former's world of biblic references, 16th century churches and museums look miniscule in comparison to the 6000 year old magnanimous legacy of India.  

For a student of the 21st century like me, this book has really opened my eyes to India's rich history and heritage, something which my parents and history books failed to do. Every line in the book makes you proud to be an Indian, and most of it is indeed true as proved by the author's references towards the end. 

I loved the Rozabal Line due to the brilliant historical connections and the way the plot went all around the globe, and across different eras with perfect relevance. Chanakyas Chant was another great book although the politics part bored me.

The ending, like in most books, tapered away as most authors seem to be in a hurry to finish books at the end. Its not just Ashwin, even Dan Brown is a culprit.

Now the Krishna key has set immense expectations from his next book. Expecting a lot :)

PS: There are 3 or 4 jarring errors in the book. It would be great if all retailers could just correct these errors by stick labels or something before delivering the book.                             

                                The plot is simply outstanding. You will gain a new respect for ancient India and the Indian culture after reading it. The ending was not that good though...at-least I felt so. In any case if you have loved Dan Brown's novels, you are definitely going to love this book. Cheers !!!                            

                                After reading Ashwin Sanghi's earlier books, eagerly picked bought this on Flipkart. Although the narration did not disappoint and the plot was well paced, I couldn't avoid a strong feeling that this was an Indian re-telling of the Da Vinci Code coupled with Angels and Demons. The author has made a pot pourri of all available conspiracy theories on the internet and blended them into an enjoyable novel. The story slightly tapers of at the end and there is an absolutely needless champagne dinner followed by love making in the middle of a do or die chase.                            

                                My top books of the month.
1. The Immortals of Meluha
2. Journey Of Two Hearts
3. The Krishna Key
4. Life Is What You Make It
I read books like a ghost reader. I read 10 books this month and found these books great. I will write reviews for these on my blog soon.                            

                                Sanghi's works until now have already earmarked him to become one of India's all time great writers in the "Fiction" genre. I have read all his previous books and take great pleasure in declaring this one a classic, true to Sanghi's style.                            

                                well... as te name indicates, dont think its a spiritual novel that leads to self discovery and stuffs... thanks it was not!!
its a thriller actually that reveals many unknown facts about history whats so called as mythology.... 

to put in short, you can compare it with davinci code..
thrill, suspense, religion, history, symbols interpreted... 



                                If you vave already read other historical fictions of Dan brown or Ashwins himself, You will find book too loosely written in many ways. One of those is in last cover page in summary he mentions Kalki is living as krishna Avatar and in Actual book he is nowhere main character. From writer of his calibre Garbage.........                            

                                One thing about this book is the "GASPING" Twists that you will find in the books... there are times when you read that line and would say "Ooooo Teriiii.... Sahiiii Twist!!!!!" or "What the...." or "Oooooo Bh$$$$$$$", you got the gist. 

Now, secondly, this book at times seems a bit dramatic, where a simply intro from a character results in him telling everything about his kith and kin, where he worked, how he was born etc, etc, etc.... Overall, the book is good, do not expect any comedy, and sometimes way too like our typical bollywood movies, but overall, if you really like mythological fiction, this is the book you MUST read... with great amalgamation of history and fictions and legends and myth, brought together to prepare the prefect food to suit your intellectual, spiritual palate :) 

Great Work Mr. Sanghi... Now waiting for Amish to release his last installment i.e, "Oath of the Vayuputra" !!                            

                                Awesome book , in depth analysis of Hindu Mythology and blood-chilling thriller that will keep you always on the edge of your seat. 

I could not believe myself that I finished whole book in just one sitting .. Huh .. it is that much engrossing                            

                                First off, Ashwini Sanghi is definitely the Indian answer to Dan Brown. If you're looking for a "Angels and Demons" action on home soil, you'll find it in here. Immense research, realistic inferences, facts which are true down to the grass root level and all in all great story-telling by the author. It never loses grip and the twists and turns will keep you from leaving this book half-read. Except for the mediocre ending, this ones a must-read.                            

                                Mr. Sanghi,
I salute you for the incredible research you have done for this book. A lot to know about our own things. I am still half way reading this book and is exceptional and is really a nice way to carry two parallel stories.                            

                                Hat's off for plethora of facts and research about various myths around the story of Krishna. Apart from the the facts the story-line is very poor!The characters are copied out of Da Vinci Code, plot too bears a strong resemblance.
I was wondering if this book written by the same Ashwin Sanghi who wrote Chanakya's chant which was masterpiece.The characters including Cops act lame and helpless when one knows who is the killer half way through the book. Ashwin Shangi should spend more time on character and plot to make such books interesting.
If you have not read Da Vinci Code, you may like this book but still identify the amateurism in the plot.                            

                                My top books of the month.
I read books like a ghost reader. I read 10 books this month and found these books great. I will write reviews for these on my blog. 

1. The Immortals of Meluha
2. The Krishna Key
3. Life Is What You Make It
4. Till The Last Breath . . .
5. Journey Of Two Hearts
6. How I Braved Anu Aunty and Co-Founded A Million Dollar Company                            

                                The books starts well, builds your interest, there are a lot of interesting facts thrown in but ends disappointingly. Its feels as if the author had not thought of the end.
hope the next book is better.                             

                                I pre-ordered a copy of this book, and purchased Rozabal Line after reading Chanakya's Chant. Rozabal was plain sad. But that's a different issue altogether.

No, I did not get a signed copy (inspite of a pre-order), but now I do not regret it.

The book builds up very nicely, as opposed to Rozabal line, and along the lines of a Chanakya's Chant. But the end is just plain disappointing. 

Mr. Sanghi tries to do an Indian Dan Brown, with a central male character and a supporting female character. The villain remains hidden for a very long time which keeps the reader hooked. 

A thorough research is almost an essential component of mythological -fiction these days, so I do not give Mr. Sanghi extra points for this.

How well you join the links and weave a story out of this is what makes for an interesting read. Which, in this case, Mr. Sanghi succeeds to a point. 

What is really disappointing is the ending. Which totally ticked me off. It is almost as if the publisher came to him and told him to finish off the work as soon as he can.

I give it a 2/5 stars precisely because of this reason.

For those of you planning to catch a train or an international flight, well, might want to buy this, will keep you interested and thanks to the exhaustion of the journey, the disappointing ending will probably not affect you all that much.                            

                                This book is really a feast for the Indian mythology and history lovers. The book name itself appeals a lot and the author i must say has taken Painstakingly great effort in Weaving the bits from different references into a beautiful fiction.
More importantly in the book it is Lord Krishna himself narrating his life story and that of Mahabharata. Some of the facts presented in the book by the author really forces oneself to think perhaps rethink about the history some of us already know.
HARE KRISHNA.                            

                                All credit to Ashwin Singh for his incredible research while writing this book. Not only keeps us engrossed till the end, it also increased one's inquisitiveness towards our history and culture that seems to have been forgotten with times.                            

                                A well researched book, must say!! 
not only the plot of the story but also the whole execution of all the events is not only impressive but catchy and keeps you wanting for more and more. 
the twists ans turns of events take you to a new adventure every time.I read Ashwin Sanghi for the 1st time... but a writer is known by his caliber to drive people to read his work more an more, again and again. And I must say... Ashwin is such a good writer. 
well done!! 
Alchemy in progress :)                             

                                I am very impressed with Ashwin Sanghi's way of writing- he has done a very good job with this book-  its fast paced, and keeps you on your toes! Cant put it down till the end! Love the way he blends the past with the present. I would recommend all three of his books, was a bit let down by the end of this book though.                             

                                In this book, almost the first 380 pages which is literally a page turner with unexpected twists and turns.... but the last few pages are literally over dramatic and very predictable.... almost bollywood movie type.... But still worth a read.... One of the best books in 2012                            

                                No doubt, Ashwin has brought out an excellent thriller. Highly recommended for a person who is fascinated about history and mythology. The story is very much predictive for those who have read the Da Vinci Code. I found lot of irrelevant conversations have been used in the wake of bringing out historical facts. Also lot of mistakes during the first half, which makes the reader confusing. Apart from this, its a great book with lots and lots of information to digest.                             

                                This is an awful book. I will think twice now before reading an Indian Mythological thriller. Book lacks plots, characters and story-line. It is just a set of conspiracy theories bundled together- making no sense whatsoever.                            

                                A crime thriller with extended explanations to relate Mahabaratha and Krishna to modern world. Feels, the main story, about the killer, is sidelined. The motive behind the killings are left unexplained or under explained. Narrative is good, but not the best. In par with The Rozabal Line.                            

                                I found this book to be one of those fine reads that i could not put down.I set my own personal record...finished it in 1 and half days...!

And now i am researching the various facts that the author has mentioned. It was worth the money i spent and i will be making my friends and family read the book as well.                            

                                This was just awesome!I bought it off flipkart because my friend recommended this book. I am not that into conspiracy theories, but believe me i was blown away!

I cant imagine how much research has gone into this book. All the vedas and the various other scriptures the author has quoted is simply outstanding.                             

                                I loved this book so much that i made my 15 year old son read it as well. The has so many different aspects like murder, love, suspense all of them blended so perfectly together resulting in an awesome combination!

The character of Saini was such a good one. A simple man thrown into a world of chaos. How he keeps his calm and finally succeeds against overwhelming odds is great to see.

The parts about the Mahabharat is very well written as well.                            

                                The brilliant research of the book is wasted on the thin plot weaved around it...the story is presented as inspired from any dan brown classic...mr sanghi proves his immaturity as the story writer and depends too much on the research conducted by him to take the book through to the end...with every scene floating in a sea of loopholes...the motives are ill explained as he brings out immature characters with skewed backgrounds...half of the characters were irrelevant and he is confused about the protagonist himself...or rather who the protagonist actually is...a good deal of research has been done though...but this confuses his actual intent to take the plot forward as he tries o pen down everything he has gone through...from nuclear research in ancient ages to hindu muslim riots..(phew!!)..all in all...it is an immature plot for ISKCON style krishna devotees...better than amish tripathi though...

p.s: all the characters are somehow devoted krishna lovers...:P                            

                                after reading 2 of his previous books, the rozabal line and the chanakyas chant.. Mr.Sanghi proves he's best in what he does, making a cocktail of history, mythology, politics, thriller with a tinge of humor.. 
unlike his other books, this has a narration given by the protagonist Krishna.. the narration is short and well described, nothing new the history books has failed to mention.. 
what is intriguing is the main story of the central characters searching for a 3000yr old mystery.. it is well penned with a lot of surprises that drops in every other page. the characters are well defined and one doesn't find loops holes quite easily.. one cant stop but compare sanghi to dan brown..yes narration seems to be like that of dan browns with a desi touch..
what sanghi does best is collect the urban legends, myths and does a lot of research and connect the dots.. He's done his home work very well.. like The Rozabal line which was influenced from a documentary called "the zeitgeist" this one too draws heavily from the urban legend that taj mahal was a Shiva temple.. but in the end sanghi convinces with his story telling..
the Krishna key is a gripping thriller with a super strong plot and dynamic narration.. there are very few times where it goes off track..the symbols and diagrams given are clear and understandable.. the ending however is not one expected, beginning with thriller and ends on a philosophical note..
A must read for those who are not satisfied with their history books or grandmas tales of the Mahabharata..                            

                                First of all......kudos to flipkart.com, for the impeccable packing, and punctuality in delivery!

As for the book, there's no denying the fact that the author is highly influenced by Dan Brown, as far as the story and style goes....Some things in the book are revelations, others merely look as though the author has tried to connect loose ends which are not supposed to be joined at all.........
But yeah, overall, a good read....and worth spending money on!!                            

                                I had so much fun reading this book.I was hooked to it all day and all night for 2 days.Just could not stop reading it!The book is such a breath of fresh air.

About the book, the author is trying to prove the existence of Lord Krishna through our ancient history and our current present. How good eventually triumphs over the evil of both Tarak Vakil and Priya. I loved all the conspiracy theories in the book, there were so many things that i have googled because of this book.Great book!                            

                                I have  read his two earlier books ..in particular Chanakya chant gave me a good impression.Rozabal line contained really well researched topic.

This too has sustained researched contents as it is  now Ashwin's forte !
But somewhere in between Ashwin is missing his grippy plot in this novel, he  misses the control of story;

About recommending this, if you are hardcore Ashwin fan, please go ahead it can contain you for two-three days of good reading.

Inspite of feeling not so good, I still like Ashwin's research capability.



                                I must appreciate Aswin for his breath taking and nicely been plotted story. Trying to establish Krishna as historical figure in contrary to believed mythological figure was itself a nice idea. If you are regular reader Dan Brown kind of novel then you will not take much time to guess who is mataji but still its worth to read this book without any doubt. As usual in all aswin novels ending is so light and not so interesting.                            

                                Personally i see no harm in aping a concept that has proved to be of value - we all do that in some form or the other. The trouble is when the attempt at copying something or someone becomes too desperate and that is what The Krishna Key is all about.

The author has tried hard to link religious symbols and practices for various religions and traced each of them back to Hinduism with the frailest and flimsiest of explanations. The Hindu origin of '786' is a classic example. Once or twice one might have overlooked this, but when page after page such flimsy logics are presented to you, it gets a tad frustrating.

Whether Ashwin Sanghi becomes the Indian Dan Brown or not, he has surely lost a potential reader for his future works in me.                            

                                A wonderful book written in an amazing way. i enjoyed reading it thoroughly but then i compared it to The Da vinci Code and found so many similarities in thier plot that it left me a little dissapointed. Just as the murders in Da Vinci, the murders in this books have some clues. the murderers also has similarity. The end is also similar 'louvre' has been replaced with "taj". the plot looks like a direct lift up wherein Jesus has been replaced with Krishna. 
Then too its worth reading.                            

                                This is probably the worst book I have ever read. Heavily biased in favor of what I think is the author's personal beliefs in the vedas and hindu scripture superiority. A complete and utter distortion of history and mythology continues from the very first chapter to the very last chapter. The characters are badly etched out and the language used is patronizing and condescending like the supposed hero of the book. I would regard Chanakya's Chant better and even that was badly written with the flow of language that left a lot to be desired.                            

                                EASY ON THE MIND.A GOOD READ.......AWESOME RESEARCH WORK............MAKES ONE WONDER THE EXISTENCE OF SUCH POSSIBILITIES...IGNORE THE TYPO....READ BETWEEN THE LINES.IN ONE WORD UNPUTDOWNABLE..LITERALLY I EVEN CARRIED IT TO THE LOO.........WILL BE EAGERLY WAITING FOR THE NEXT ONE MR SANGHI.........                            

                                Since buying the krishna keys i have read it three times.I am a big fan of such historic mysteries and i cant tell you how long i have waited for a good indian book like this.The great research that author has put in is incredible.There were so many times that i "googled" the various details that the author wrote.The characters of Mataji and Taraak Vakil are fascinating.Plus the bit about the mahabharat was great too!                             

                                The book has got a fluidic articulation which will take the reader very deep into a situation where he or she thinks the details depicted in the book are true. From the details that are given in the book we can see that the author has taken immense effort in doing research on it to bring this book to life. As the introduction says don’t skim this book through the pages where u can find some confusing images, which may mislead your interest.  Read it from the beginning. You will enjoy it for sure.                             

                                this book Changed my entire perspective of ancient india as a mythical land which knew more about science than any other civilization.. a must read for any Indian, and an eye opener for foreigners.. kudos to the author!!!                            

                                There are few authors in the world of fiction who are capable of doing the rigorous research needed for a book of non-fiction. This is precisely what sets Ashwin Sanghi apart. His attention to detail as well as his fertile imagination work beautifully in tandem to connect dots where the normal mind does not see any connection at all! In spite of the massive amount of mind-blowing information that is presented, he does not let the pace slacken and one is compelled to turn to the next page, and the next, and the next... Terrific piece of fiction bordering on fact.                            

                                I bought this book with lot of hope and started reading it with same enthusiasm.....But alas...seems that author himself did not know in which direction he wants to take his plot....Is it ancient mystery? Is it a conspiracy theory or is it an adventure....I did not realize what is actual Krishna Key here...everything is assumption and weak copy of Dan Brown....                             

                                Good read, but if you have read Dan Brown then it stands in no comparison. Aswin has to elaborate things more eloquently and more in a suspense building style. This what turns a novel nail-biting suspense. 
Other wise, the content has been quite palatable and far-reaching as is evident from the immense research works and historical data mining.                             

                                Firstly, kudos to flipkart for delivering the book a day before time. It was neatly packaged! That's the reason why I prefer flipkart over other sites.

Now, as far as the book goes - excellent research and the subject is highly engrossing for all those who love mysteries and riddles. Sanghi is the Indian Dan Brown. But I think the plot was slightly confusing at times, even deviating from the original topic and may be there was too much information to digest at a time. But overall it has been a satisfying and an enjoyable read. A good worth for money! You can definitely read it.                            

                                The amount of research conducted glows well in this novel. Snippets from history and mythology are well constructed to form a meticulous plot.

At times the continuum of the story may be a bit out of sync but it does not become a weak point. The overall story and characters are excellent.                            

                                I started the book and really felt difficult to keep it down.Each and every page keeps the reader glued to the book
I still feel,I'm somewhere in Krishna's time 5000 years back.

Ashwin has really raised the bar of Indian Authors.
I have read Chanakya's Chant also, but this one has no compares.
Ashwin has managed to extract events from the vast ocean of history and woven them in such a manner that it makes us think that even we too are one of Krishna's descendents.

Hats off to your creative thinking Ashwin.                            

                                The myth of the Aryan invasion, the view that the Vedas and Upanishads were brought to India by white-skinned Aryans, the view that the Saraswati was a mythical river and the notion that Krishna was simply a figment of our imagination... these and many more theories have been demolished in one go by Ashwin Sanghi's 'The Krishna Key'. I would say that this is one book that should not be read purely as a fictional thriller but possibly as an attempt to give sense and rationality to the version of events that have been taught to students in Indian history classes. While the plot kept me glued to the story, the real excitement was in the series of revelations that kept making me wonder how the author was able to connect the dots between so many ancient events. For those who have loved Michael Crichton's thrillers that are peppered with science, history and technology, Ashwin Sanghi's brand of fiction should have tremendous appeal. I have not yet read The Rozabal Line, but I intend to do so after having read this latest offering from him.                            

                                One of the few books that I ended up reading in a single go of six hours. The story starts off with a murder but with each page we are drawn deeper into the history and mythology that made this particular current event happen. Sanghi undoubtedly has a knack for drawing from ancient traditions and tying them to contemporary themes. We do him a disservice by comparing him to Dan Brown because he is so much more. Our country has not seen any significant writing in the realm of conspiracy fiction and I for one am absolutely thrilled that we are seeing writing that is crisp, immensely readable, entertaining and yet based on a foundation of solid research.                            

                                The Krishna Key essentially suffers from acute "Dan Brown" syndrome. But I wouldn't use it against him because even Dan brown has been suffering from being stuck in a rut. But the Krishna Key has many more disappointing aspects. The use of English language in the framing of sentences borders on verbal abuse. Sample this line ..."He was to linguistics what Bill Gates is to operating systems." , this made me cringe and believe me when I say there are many more instances of such cringe inducing moments in this book. The plot is absolutely ridiculous. It starts off well but dissolves into non existent mush towards the end. And the character flashbacks are so annoying, even worse than a typical old school Bollywood movie. The only good parts are bits and pieces of information about our history and mythology that may interest you. The protagonist really is an idiot I wonder how he manages to decipher those clues. I truly believe that no matter how bad a movie or book may be they can atone for their sins by giving a great ending. That moment of catharsis which brings a smile to your face when you finally put a book down, was cruelly denied to me by The Krishna Key. I don't understand how the characters could be satisfied by the ending of the story let alone the readers. Oh yeah.. one more good thing! At least I didn't spend any money on this book.. Got it for free! I would recommend avid thriller readers to give this a skip. Not worth it at all.                              

                                I was really expecting something like his first book 'Rozabal Line'...but again he disappointed me.
I loved reading his first book.

Coming back to 'Krishna Key'...midway i crossed my tolerance level and had enough of his repetitive style.I never liked the character but had faith in his writing.Alas im disappointed.

I am not going to buy his next book for sure unless i read 20 pages.

I would suggest this book to people who likes to read same stuff again and again.

Goodluck.                            

                                If you have read Roazabel line by the same author and liked it, you will probably like this one too. If you didn't like Rozabel line you should give this book a wide berth because the author has adopted the same pattern for this book too which is:

To create something that is not even in the realm of possibility out of air so thin it won't fill a tiny balloon. In this book the author talks about India having discovered nuclear power/atomic weapons during the time of the Mahabharat..of a philosopher's stone that can turn matter into gold .. fascinating; accept as you read, you realize the author is just fantasizing.

After reading Chanakya's Chant (by the same author), I thought this one might be worth a read... it just isn't .. you keep turning the pages expecting the proof to be presented .. like running after a pot of gold hidden at the end of a rainbow.

Pick this book for want of something better to read on a long journey then only pick this up.                            

                                I was drawn to the book by the synopsis of the book.I loved the book the moment I started reading it but thought the it had an uncanny resemblance to Dan Brown style of writing.The author is well researched and he provides us enough material to question the beliefs we have grown up with.

It is a fast paced thriller with a lot of historical and mythological references to move the story ahead..But I was left a little confused by the connection between the new aged assassin and Krishna. Also there are a few textual mistakes in the book which was very disappointing. Though it begins extremely well it tends to lose pace towards the end .

Having said that I feel the book gives a deeper spiritual message. All in all it is an extremely good read .                            

                                In Umberto Eco’s novel Faucault’s Pendulum there is a very interesting observation about conspiracy theories. It is very easy to make a connection between too seemingly unconnected events if one has a superficial but wide knowledge and good imagination. In that novel some men start making a new conspiracy theory for fun and it goes out of their hands, finally they themselves end up in believing the lies. In Ashwin Sanghi’s The Krishna Key, too this peculiar complex is evident.
On the brighter side the book is all in all a quick read. It is interesting and is well presented. The writing style is lucid and thrilling especially in the parts where one is introduced in the mystical world of Krishna and Hindu mythology. 
Overall The Krishna Key has all the right ingredients for a breezy read and I would recommend this book to all who are looking at gaining more knowledge about Krishna’s legacy however only if they treat it as a work of fiction!



                                This is one of the finest novel that i have come across in a long time. The quality of research is amazing & the way this book has been written is amazing. not only the story moves very fast, but it also makes you attract to the book & complete it at one go.

Hopefully some one from the film industry will read this book & think of making a movie..

The references & acknowledgements at the end of the book proves that time spend on researching for this book & also gives you a few more books to read.

Thanks to Ashwin Sanghi for this AMAZING THRILLER..                            

                                The premise of the book was interesting and showed a lot of promise. I was glued to the book for the first few chapters. But later, it felt like I was sitting through a lecture on Indian Mythology and History rather than reading a "thriller".

While I understand that collecting the data needed for this book is arduous (and I appreciate the author for his effort), I felt that the author was making deliberate efforts to show off how much material he had dug up. 

If I may say so, it troubles me to see that many reviews are comparing Ashwin to the likes of Dan Brown. While Danny used facts to weave a web of fiction and concentrated on the story telling, Ashwin didn't seem to pay enough due attention to the latter.

And what's with the interludes about Mahabharata? I understand that you are a devout Hindu and that the fiction is based on Hindu mythology. But where does recounting the Mahabharata fit in with the exploits of a deranged sociopath and her brainwashed lackey? The only purpose it serves is keeping the reader hoping (in vain) that this side track joins with the main story line somewhere. 

Like I said, showed a lot of promise but lost its mojo somewhere in the middle.                             

                                Ok, to start with, the book has a very well researched base and some facts are really eye opening, having said that, anybody who has read Dan Brown books would get that feeling of Deja Vu while reading the story, the rhythm and the plots are just too similar and the protagonist is somewhat thinks and eccentrically talks about history like Prof Robert Langdon!! I must be frank i was a little disappointed with the story line but nonetheless one cannot overlook the shear hard work put in to compile all the facts.                            

                                though i have preordered this book its only so late that i m writing this review...after personally verifying almost all the references(they r more than 3) dozens taken by Sanghi..I must tell that thought the writer claims the book to be a fiction...there is a very well researched..authenticity lies..in it. the book keeps u spellbound from the very first page till the end..a must read for all..                            

                                Well, not the plot itself but the style of writing, the type of characters - all of it lack originality or any amount of freshness. Money and time down the drain as far as I am concerned.

The words used, the turn of phrase and even the grammar left a LOT  to be desired. I would not recommend this to anyone who likes the English language and appreciates originality and dislikes any form of imitation.                            

                                I rated this book 3/5 because even its a good read, there are a few editing mistakes in a few pages. But its without doubt better than Chanakya's Chant also the author have done a brilliant research on this topic. The author can be said as India's Dan Brown. Its a good read. I am already a fan of his work. Will Continue to read all the later releases. Waiting for them !!                            

                                The best part of the book is once you start reading you are compelled to finish it. I finihsed the book in my long and lonely journey from Ahmedabad to delhi.
The story is well researched but fails in part. There are many shortcomings
1. It is an Indianised version of Da Vinci code with all the conspiracy thoeries of Hindusim mixed in one plot. Author has nothing new to add to the dan brown stories.
2. The story is overstretched in a bid to add all the vailable conspiracy theories. The krishna story at the begining of each chapter is pointless.
3. The suspense is not well maintained as midway the readers can judge the plot. The characters wavers as per authors convinince -sometimes they are very strong while sometiems they are overpowered easily.
4. The ending is not well justiifed as the Taj conspiracy theory was thrusted to end the plot abruptly. The Tajmahal conspiracy has been dealt in detail in another novel-The taj conpiracy.
5. The author has failed to do research on police ranks as IPS officers Radhika and Sunil are shown as Inspector and sub inspecotor. An IPS officer starts his carreer as ACP or ASP.
Inpite of all failings the book is a defininte read for thriller fans.                             

                                The author in the book talks about the key from beginning till the end but never uses the key, nor does he mentions the use of the instruments for which people are killing one another. The book, creates little bit of interest, here and there but fails to keep it going for long.
The ending could have been better as I feel Miss Priya & Mr Taarak just vanished from the scene in the end and was hoping to know their fate, especially Mr Taarak's.                            

                                The Krishna Key by Ashwin Sanghi is an excellent book. Extensive research done by the author on the ancient history & which must say has paid off.
If one starts reading the book I am sure he will not stop until he reaches the final chapter of the book. The characters in the book are full of surprises. However the story seems to be bit slow in the middle but brings back the interest with the entry of Mr Sir Khan & revelation of identity of Mataji.
The plot grips the reader till the very end making the reader thirsty for more. Must read for all.                            

                                An awesome story that alternates in Sanghi's signature style between past and present. Hundreds of "Aha!" moments that had my jaw dropping in astonishment. One of the few books that I am reading for a second time because there is just so much still left to absorb. Perfectly timed twists in the fictional narrative that keep one glued to the novel. Thanks Mr. Sanghi for yet another incredible read after The Rozabal Line and Chanakya's Chant. Undoubtedly one of the best thrillers to emerge from our country.                            

                                I read Chankya Chant by Ashwin Sanghi (Author) and it was a good read. Based on which I went for The Krishna Key.

Its 80% speculative documentary like the ones we see on channels like Discovery. Egyptian Pyramids for example.
The research is awesome and informative. But this book being labeled as Fiction is what gets to me. 

There is a so called name sake plot which forms the basis of delivering the history and relating different events and giving them meaning. Which i enjoyed of-course, hence finished reading the book.

If you enjoyed reading the Author's earlier work, and want to read this work, reduce your expectations.



                                After reading the Chanakya Chant's by Ashwin Sanghi, the expectation from this book was very high. In trying to sell history and lots of "conspiracy theory" to the readers the Author forgot to define the main characters in the novel properly. 

The Author has done a very good job in terms of research and creation of the story. But after creating a lot of suspense the Author abruptly ended the story with a moral lecture. He is being called as the Indian Dan Brown by many, but in this novel he totally failed to live upto the expectations.

Overall the novel is a poor job by both the writer and the editor and I may not recommend this book to anyone.                            

                                I loved the use of mythical storyline runnning along the current time story. One can see clearly the Dan Brown style of writing and characterization. 

The story showed the depth of research conducted to create the story, but, the ending disappointed me after a good build-up.

A good option for a travel time reading or casual reading....                             

                                i read previous 2 books of ashwin sanghi .rozbal line was best. In the krishna key lot of coincidences are happened. saini never looks promising to me.
but all an all a good read. the theory regarding taarak vakil and kalki avtar and sir khan and krishn is not acceptable.                               

                                Definitely we have a Indian Dan Brown here.
I have read his previous book "chanakya's chant" and I enjoyed it and so i was eagerly waiting for this book and I must say it was worth it. Well researched and well authored.
Although the inclusion of Mahabharata story in parallel didn't made much sense as it did in his previous work but over all it was very informative, convincing and thrill.
Some loose ends but over all very good effort.                            

                                This book is a must read for mythology lovers.Ashwin Sanghi takes you around some of the ancient evidences which lays the foundation of our present system (if so believed).
Some interpretations are a bit debatable...but then thats what mythology is all abt.
Overall a good novel to read.                            

                                The first thing I would like to say is that Ashwinji has truly outdone himself! This book shows intense and thorough research. I marvel at the fact that Ashwinji has managed to go through so much, so thoroughly in such little time in order to produce a book of this quality. 
I love books which take us all over our beloved country, India, whilst uncovering ancient magical secrets. I love the mystery, the nail-biting moments, the romance, the ancient knowledge, the hidden truths behind ancient texts. To me it is a grand treat! I was impressed with Chanakya's Chant but this book has blown my shoes straight off! In fact, as soon as I have enough money, I wish to visit the 12 (sorry 13) Jyotir Linga sites. Our country holds so much within it. So much knowledge, so much mystery, so much magic. Yet, we hanker for foreign approval at every step. I am tremendously proud to be Indian. After reading this book, even more so. Thank you, Aswinji, for delivering this masterpiece to us. I simply cannot wait to read more of your works. As of now, I will go through some of the numerous sources (almost a lifetime of research) that you have so kindly provided. I am fascinated, contented and inspired. What more can I say to express my love for this book?                            

                                marvellous page turner
entertains the thrillers ad suspense
poverfull charecterisation and nice story line                                                it was really AWESOME......
ASWIN is the indian DAN BROWN                                                                                 

                                The Krishna key a attempt to write a novel to make it to Dan Brown. The book consists of two parts one the history and other the thrilling storyline. Talking about the history the book is researched well but history is too fictional that to fail to recognize what is actually correct the author has introduced many details which are really hard to believe. although there is story of Krishna which runs in parallel just like in Chankya's chant which I don't think creates the same effect as was in older book. if you divide book into 4 parts 3/4th of book only contains the history lesson even in near death situations main character does not hesitate in giving the history lesson which is really hard to believe. 

coming to the part of main story line it starts off well promising the great story ahead but it becomes very weak and those fictional history lessons doesn't helps either many of the times the data is unnecessarily replicated. There are many loop holes in the plot that one can easily recognize and the end is also not that epic as the book has promised.

Although in every book there are good things the history lesson (wherever its not fictional) are a delight to read and adds up to your knowledge. Its a well researched book but the mixture doesn't really adds to being a Dan brown. 

Its and AVERAGE read.                            

                                The Krishna Key has an interesting premise that needed to be developed and explored in a much more sedate manner. The book rushed through discoveries, theories and history as if its got a flight to catch. With more and more authors getting interested  
(finalyy!!)in Indian mythology as a source for current mysteries, there were high hopes from Ashwin Sanghi, especially post Chanakya's Chants. But sadly, either the narrative was explored with the intention of just touching topics and moving on, OR the editor wanted the book to be of about a certain size, regardless  the flow. I was very disappointed with the hurry in which major topics/discoveries were just sbout broached, instead of dwelling more and taking the reader on a journey through history. 
Fantastic premise, but very, very poor implementation. I almost want Ashwin to re-write or for the editors to cut more slack and re-publish the novel.                            

                                Its a great thriller nd a definite page turner...
I havent read the other novel of Aswin Sanghi...but aftr reading this one I want to order other two novels asap......
and for flipkart..its always very useful to order somethng..I usually order books from flipkart.com..                            

                                Got the author signed copy from Flipkart.

Ashwin is trying hard to carve an identity of his own and he to some extent succeeds in doing so but sadly he fails miserably.Anyone who has read the book can't help but draw parallels between Dan Brown's DaVinci's code. After that the book loses it's charm.

Also, in some cases, there are some errors as well which confused me to a great extent."Priya and Radhika" instead of "Saini and Radhika"(Page 389, 18th line) and "Saini and Priya" instead of "Saini and Radhika"(Page 456, 4th line).What's the point in writing a thriller when you can't get the same proof-read by an expert.

I don't wan't to talk about the ending as it's totally author's choice as to how he wanted to end the book.

Overall, good effort but lot left to be desired.                            

                                I just finished this book,like 5 minutes ago.And i am very happy that i purchased it.Its my first Ashwin Sanghi book and its really good.

The Plot like new and the concept is unique.With the story of Mahabharat being retold by the author few short stories ata time.The real plot being the a race against the dark forces of Tarak Vakil and Priya by the professor Saini and the cop Radhika.

The book is food for thought for all the history buffs as well, with so many facts being connected in brilliant manner.



                                The book was really good.This concept is really new and the author has done a great job in mixing a murder and a thriller with drama,romance and history.Just ws a little disappointed with the character of Tarak Vakil as he just kept following people, wnated him to be a little more proactive.                            

                                it's a good read .. but not to the par of previous ones. It's is not as gripping, little vague on theory - loosely tied. There are sections which felt really exciting and thought provoking, however, then there are sections which seemed really forced upon. 

I would recommend this one as it does open some direction for thoughts - mythology as probable history.                             

                                The Krishna key a very different kind of book, with 2 differrent but similar stories running parallel,together and at times interconnected to each other. What is great about the book is that how the historic mahabharat has been contracted in such a great way so as to give you everything you need to know about it,without compromising on its original true self.Ashwin Sanghi must have gone through a great deal of research to pull this off and I  must appreciate his effort.The real story is kind of an indian DA vinci code, with characters like Saini , Radhika and Priya being the main characters and Tarak Vakil supporting them well.The ending could be a little weak for the people who want excitement and action all the time, for me it was a good ending with the meaning being well received.                            

                                I admired Chanakya's Chant & find Rozable line a good read from Ashwin Sanghi. Krishna Key starts out as a very promising thriller   plot intertwined with mystery. After first few chapters, it falls flat to an extent you start asking is it worth reading? And there after there is nothing in the plot other than irrelevant facts & incoherent instances. Historical facts and findings are actually disputable claims which you get to read on the first page of google search. Claims are neither authentic nor original and nor do they serve any purpose in the story other then adding to the pages. And the time it goes into the final portion it loses all it novelty and leave you with the feeling that you have been striped of the intelligence by the foolish tale. Comparing Ashwin sanghi to Dan Brown is an insult to his genius. Being an indian, I too take pride in events but I am sorry this is not the one to be so.                                    

                                This is the first time I read a book by Ashwin Sanghi. Dots of the history are connected very well with the modern day fiction story. 

Happy to know about Saraswati Sivilization.. this book would give a fresh vision to its reader for the places mentioned in it...

At places there are some typo\printing mistakes but ultimately the book is awesome.

Again thanks to flipkart for excellent service and delivery!!!



                                personally,i found this book awesome,well connected between the chain of events of the book.The book reveals much about ancient India and also tells about the great man who once lived on this earth and some foolish people are wasting their time to find the evidence.If Krishna lived today he would have said"oh fools why are you wasting your precious time in finding my footprints,just go and read THE KRISHNA KEY"though the book is written to be said as fiction but the references used in this books are also important such as Vedas,Upanishads,etc.I do not know much about books and i am not a professional writer also,friends what ever i have written here is my personal experience about this book.The characters in the book play their role very efficiently and are very important to describe the whole story interestingly and full of thrill and suspense,also they all come together  so that the outcome is"The Krishna Key"                             

                                book is crisp..was racy..this author could easily named a conspiracy theorist..the concepts of 108 , 786 , Om , swathika ,taj mahal , somnath temple... WOW He knows to connect the dots... and he excelled in it .. everything in this was worth reading... but you end up comparing it with da vinci code...



                                Ashwin sanghi's latest book does delivers! The book is one of the most differrent books i have read till date with the story of the crazed lunatic who believed that he was the tenth avatr of vishnu out to rid the world of all evil.Just goes to show how sometimes people take religion over and beyond just as the character Tark Vakil.Priya the self independent women in the role of mataji has greatly delivered.Saini was th lucky and only guy to have survided priya and tarak vakils plans who stands talll and in the end deciphers the meaning "the philosopher is more important than the stone"...i believe it!loved the book!                            

                                the book 'The Krishna Key' is yhe most intimidating work. I read the book through and through .It was a very captivating book ,so much so that after I had finished the last capter I was unable to detach myself from it .In fact I went on to read and enlighten mtself by reading the books mentioned in the bibliography .Kudos to you Ashwin Sanghi .I look forward to reading more works from you .So when is the next book coming up                             

                                Another master piece from Ashwin....an excellent read and one thing I like about this book...historical facts are bang on target.
And the story is revolved around it so beautifully that its only Ashwin can do...adding the facts of history with fiction...the way he did with earlier two book...

If you folks wana know revving facts about our history... with a touch of fiction ..

A MUST READ AND I FINISHED THE BOOK IN JUST TWO DAYS .!!!!!!

CHEERS



                                An intelligent plot, connecting all the mythological stories...with a classic climax.
definitely a page turner for those who are interested in history and mythology
A big thanks to Flipkart for their delivery service, got the book in a day with modest price in the market.                            

                                We Indians love to relate to Mythology and Epics. We also love fiction, initially from foreign authors and now from Indian authors. What do we get when we mix the two? Precisely a book named "The Krishna Key". And the author who made this happen is none other that Ashwin Sanghi!

The book is a murder mystery where the serial killer is always one step ahead of the protagonists who needs to solve the mystery not only to protect themselves but also to unearth the secret to the Krishna Key. How do they do it? - is what this book is all about. Author has a unique way of writing. Something that I am sure readers will admire.

If you have read his previous two books, this is definitely a must read for you.

If this is the first book you are reading from the author stable, I am sure you will also like to pick up his previous works.

A definite must-read!                            

                                Yet again a masterpiece... Although historical fiction but an eye opener it makes the reader think about how the dots are connected. some of the facts i was able to cross check and was amazed to see how history has been modified in past ... just truly amazing.

We got a better DAN  Brown i will say... i have read all three books of this guy and kudoz to him and the way he researches..

I will love to see him writing some day on management ways from history to now.                            

                                This is the third book by Ashwin Sanghi. I have read his earlier work of Chanakya Chants and Rozabal Line and trust me after reading both earlier books, it left me gasping for more. His writing style can be correlated to 'Time Travelling'. In Krishna's Key the author keeps juggling you back and forth in time. At one time you are in the battlefield, a few pages later you will find yourself in a classroom, then you are back again in a kingdom. This style has inspired me a lot and this is one of the reasons which make this book a page turner. A insight in the story of Mahabharata, indepth research has been put down into this book and some facts which even after knowing Mahabharata for so long was hidden to General Public                            

                                One of the best books that I have read in a very long time. I started reading it last night and was compelled to finish it overnight. The plot is intricately woven and the historical and mythological tidbits are mesmerizing. The illustrations are perfectly balanced to give greater meaning to the concepts being discussed. An absolutely delicious mystery... in my opinion, there is no Indian author who comes close to Sanghi in the realm of historical-mythological thrillers.                            

                                With Chanakya's chant I had high expectations from this book. But it was just like reading Da Vinci code, Angel & Demons, etc. with Indian Myths. Instead of Knights we have Kings / Queens, but too similar. Well wirtten but not extraordinary.                            

                                This isn't merely a book of fiction.... the plot per-se... is fiction ... but the dialogues and concept behind the actual plot isn't as much a fiction but is an alternative approach to explaining the gaps provided by aryan invasion theory. Well researched book. MUST READ. For those who have read this book and think they have place for more .... read "VEDIC ARYANS AND ORIGINS OF CIVILIZATION" by "NAVRATNA S RAJARAM AND DAVID FRAWLEY" .... 

On the whole.... Book is Informative and entertaining.                            

                                I am a huge fan of Ashwin Sanghi aka Shawn Haigins but this book disappointed me. It simply is a mash up of all Indian conspiracy theories of yore. I can only say that the ending was surprising as it brought into picture the controversial theory of Historian P.N.Oak. 

But this definitely is not what Mr.Sanghi is capable of especially after the high of Chanakya's Chant which was a page turner.                            

                                I kinda feel intimidated after reading the review here but frankly speaking I didn't like the book atleast not as much as Chankya's Chant. Someone said that "One should not put energy in the task which is not really required to be done." I guess this phrase perfectly suits here.

All the drama, mystery, suspense is all waste if the climax is not up to the mark. 
Rest fell free to read, if you have loads of time and no expections. :)                            

                                I ordered the book before release and got with the autograph of the author.

I was overwhelmed by the representation of the Indian myths research related to myths. some time our mind equivocate between myth and factual research. the authors efforts can be understood by the representation and sincere research over 100 books, journals, sites, research papers etc. i finished the book in three nights after the tedious work schedule.                              

                                The writer seems to have done his research starting from ground zero. For many of us who thought that why in this half of the globe people cant write a book like Da Vince Code, this is the perfect one to read. The author has really put his time in making the book readable without possible books. You get to know lot of things about our epics including the long term debuts on the existence of the gods and the thin line of struggle in believing whether our epics were a fictional imaginations or been the true form of incidents...will definitely recommend, this book to be in the collection.                            

                                You just can't put sown this book! After a long time, I enjoyed a thriller book that is based heavy on history. I loved the theme, the plot, the characters. Except a few textual errors, I loved it and now I am compelled to buy the other two books by the author!!

P.S: I finished the book in one night, even though I was almost hallucinating because of lack of sleep. ;D                            

                                One of the best books that I read in recent years. Sanghi has well researched for this work and this could well be his Master piece .The parallel plot that he used in Chanakya chant is also applied here.. The facts that he mentions are not know to many .. Had a wonderful time in reading this book .
Verdict : A definite buy .                            

                                When I got the book I just rolled it over n saw that it has so many pages.. as it was warned by the author do not turn the back pages..I did that...there were maps, clues etc...I was fascinated. And with that thrilling fascination I started reading..n it was my first novel which was not romantic one..other than the Dan Brown...I would say Ashwin is the Indain Dan Brown.The whole plot was simply packed with suspense as if watching a movie. And the sub plot of Krishna from the beginning to his death.The history was retold in such a lucid way. it was simply amazing. In the end the Alchemist was born within our hearts itself. There are many questions still on my mind... I am looking forward for other books mentioned in his bibliography..Thanks for such an fabulous work.                            

                                First of all, hats off to Flipkart for such a kind deliver service.

Next, Ashwin, If you are reading this let me tell you I became a fan of your titles. The Chanakya's Chant and The Krishna Key, are very very good titles till now, I read.

Request to everyone, this is the book which everyone like to own a copy, in their library. I did that, now your turn...                            

                                I don't remember the last book I read in single sitting.I have been researching about Hindu history for all these years on the internet.The every valid result I found on the surfing is juxtaposed into either characters or plot.This is Amazing!!!!
   From a nation obsessed with soft romantic lovestories or ultra-modern flirt stories in Chetan Bhagat era,this book is an exception.He convincingly set the history infront of the reader.For a mere 4$ this book is an lifetime experience.Know the glory of our ancestors. Go ,buy it !! read it !! live it!!                            

                                Felt like I was reading a Dan Brown book (Da vinci Code, Angels n Demons, The Lost Key) from page 1 till end. Still, it is nicely written, very gripping and is a must read for all (specially in India). While I advise to take specific details with a pinch of salt (but that's true for any book), it may be an interesting read (may be even an eye opener) for anyone who feels that our ancestors were uneducated dumb guys and that its high time we take our history also seriously and stop re-inventing the wheel..!

The disclaimer in the beginning is a spoiler, as I expected Ashwin to own up some of the research work and facts. (Dan brown claims all places, facts in his book are true!!!)

Interestingly, the book can be made into a movie, as is, scene by scene.! Looks like, Ashwin is already expecting to Bollywood producers to buy its movie rights just like Chanakya's Chant! BTW, I might still go for that movie :)                            

                                I have been a huge fan of Sanghi right since Rozabal Line, when he wasnt even the popular author he is now. Rozabal Line still says the top favorite of mine amongst his books, but this one never let down even for a single moment. The book is extremely fast paced and loaded with knowledge. Must read                            

                                Ashwin Sanghi's " The Krishna Key " is a modern day thriller with its roots in the ancient Indian mythology.Like his previous book "Chanakya Chants" Sanghi again delivers  a book that is not only captivating  but knowledgeful and thought provoking also.
       Conspiracy theory buffs would definitely have a great time reading this book, but it does not means that an ordinary fiction lover would not love it.
       The amount of research done by Sanghi is incredible ,whether its mythology or archaeological details everything is meticulously done and the result is a wonderful mixture of fact and fiction.
       It's the best of the 3 books written by Sanghi and also the most entertaining of all , the book focuses on the journey of Ravi Mohan Saini and Radhika in quest of most powerful weapon    
of Krishna.This quest take them to various places from Somnath temple to Mount Kailash to deserts of Rajasthan and with each destination more and more thrill is poured in the book.
       Its a class apart, a masterpiece .......... HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.                            

                                I am a reasonably good fan of Ashwin's work and have been waiting for his book so preordered this one. it is always so so fascinating the way he narrates the historical facts...almost intimated by so much know-how and rich facts from the bygone eras.
this one begins in a very interesting way as usual...but somehow i felt that too much of historical facts and references got mixed up together...lost track in between....the narration tried to explain too many things like the importance of number 108, number 8 and number 5...finally confusing which one is the most revered....and the end was predictable...like the holy grail in the da vinci code the krishna key too could not have been a material thing. all said and done good read...cud have been awesome                            

                                high research work is the rich element in this book, If u love mythology and to know more about Krishna this is the one. But the ending of the story is not much appreciated but it suits this story. Screenplay for this book is another highlight which makes you bound to it.                            

                                Ashwin Sanghi is not a good story teller.
I have read his 3 books, none of them had a good story.
I never bothered anyways, what interests me is his research, his hypothesis and the some what acceptable facts.
This is certainly a good book, a must read.
Its compared with Da vinci code and Angels & Demons, these books had an interesting story but nothing more, they are just colorful flowers made of plastic.
The Krishna's key has no story, colorless and ordinary but a real flower with life. 


                                Another amazing piece of work by Ashwin. I am very fond of ancient Indian History and Indian Mythology. But, his storyline totally amazed me. I just couldn't keep it down and finished it in one go. Very fast paced. No slack. Very well researched. 
As usual Flipkart delivered a personally signed copy of the book in 48 hours. Very efficient service.
Keep up the good work Ashwin. You have just stirred up my insatiable appetite for reading once more                            
