
                                This the first book read by me written by Chetan Bhagat. I enjoyed reading it and I had bunked the whole day to just read this book.
It has every aspect to keep a reader's attention. Love, Friends, Romance, Riots, the "Masla" and betrayal.                            

                                Chetan bhagat has disappointed me.Worse than revolution 2020.it just turns out at the end but an absolutely good-for-nothing story.When I finished the book I was really wondering how  it became such a hit.Revolution2020  has a superb ending but it is not intelligent.pls dont waste ur money                            

                                its a good book.a one time read.there is no mistake in reading this.but some of the chapters are forced and useless whinch takes away the pace from the story.slangs were too much.but he described evrything beutifully what he wanted to.he made gujrat beutiful.
  but the movie outsmarted the book                            

                                i must say that this book is worth a reading ! this book has everything - friendship, love , sacrifice, cricket ,humour n etc. etc . etc. !!!! i dont know why many people has given this a lower rating :( the way the book goes is jz awsum , it ll keep u hooked ! the love story in it is quite cute as well :)  the end is quite shocking :( but as a whole i loved it :) :)
n no doubt  m giving 5 stars                             

                                I expected a lot from this one, but a sheer DISAPPOINTMENT is what I get in the end. I didn't expect this one to be more like a 'bollywood-masala' movie going on. Romance, Religious-riots, Cricket, Drama, it all seems like a boring crap going on.                            

                                yep..i do agree ,an excellent master piece book with exceptional writing skills and given a chance to bollywood film script.
love reading the way of usage of language, and appreciated for the prompt response of the flipkart. All the best!                             

                                Unfortunately and sadly, the FOURTH mistake of his life.

A very very disappointing book.
Over hyped and overrated.

Chetan Bhagat can do much much better than that. Too many expectations from him.
:)



                                this a nice time pass i have experienced..................
interesting story, good representation adds excitement also in time pass ......................:)

so go on take this book , read it, pass the time, and then forget it................                              

                                I bought this book in the form of flipkart's combo pack of four books almost exactly last year but couldn't dare to read it until now post the experience of One Night At Call Centre whose climax I felt very boring, very filmy and far away from the reality. Then I chose to read Two States which is needless to say that it is one of the bests creation by CB ever and so is the Five Point Someone. Then came the movie 'Kai Po Che' so thought why not to atleast read the book once and then watch the movie later. 

After reading the book I couldn't realize that have finished it in two days. Had I got the time could have finished it in one go, not because of my ability (which could be questionable) but purely because of CB's live narration. I was scolding myself why I didn't even try to read it during last whole year!

The most appealing thing about the story is that, it is the story of three middle class friends who dreams for high but their fortunes doesn't somehow always prove bravery for them. It feels so realistic that you can visualize the things in front of your vision. 

Now I have watched the movie as well and felt that, the book is definitely better than the movie itself. Though it may be because of the fact that, it's very hard to portray the social issues on silver screen when you have communal riots and religious conflicts to depict, considering these facts filmmakers have given the the justice to their level. But still you miss lots of things in the movie, the transition of business of trio from ground level to a respectable to full flourishing one, Goa trip, Australian tour and of course the climax itself. Though it could have been totally different experience for others but that's my opinion.

Those who have watched the movie and could not read this book yet, must confess should go for this book.                            

                                Story starts well but the ending of it is not at all required and is a bit off track.Good read though as you get to see the Chetan Bhagat style of narration with a little ups and downs.Highly recommended for fans of Chetan Bhagat's writing !                             

                                Ok, So this is a story of three Gujarati guys and their experiences in their life, which is fairly told by Mr. Bhagat. BUt the Ending is Literally  one of the worst ever makes me regret reading this book.. and there is nothing special in the story, save your time and read something more inspirational and motivational.                            

                                The Story on FRIENDSHIP,LOVE,HINDU-MUSLIM RIOTS in GUJARAT.Complete DISASTER..Seriously the Scene r Stretched a Lot...WASTE of TIME & MONEY both..If u have got a HABIT of Leaving a Novel if it bores u .then u will Surely give up after reading 1st 50 Pages.POOR PLATFORM & LINE UP.The Story Never PITCHES UP till the END.NO HUMOR too.Please dnt make the Mistake by Reading it..i will Recommend it to Teenagers of 12-15 ages only.i will give 2/5.                            

                                superb book..!!! absolute superb display of writing...Great story..!!
Waiting 4 another CB Spcl..
It ws amazing to think abt d 3 hindu boys taking on their own community to save a opposite religion boy....they faught hrd 4 the truth & came over all the hurdels..... it 2 unfortunate that they lost omi.....
A great fiction by CB ...hard to think that it was an fiction                            

                                its my first novel and i loved it a lot...the story had many truthful facts of india in it...all the characters are well shaped....the narration of this story by govind was awesome(like his ambition,love,friendsip,etc)..it had some twists and turns..after reading this novel i am fond of reading more novels..                            

                                Awesome book by Chetan Bhagat. One of the best Indian authors. His writing is simple and understandable. I started reading the book and completed it within 18 hours. Everyone should give a read. 
Thanks to Flipkart.                            

                                i planned to buy this book from flipkart but when i went to a book fair in my town, i saw this book and bought it for the same M.R.P... 

it is a very good book.... chetan has included all the social matters that are there in our daily life.. also the intoduction is superb!!

 his writing style is also awesome that even an ordinary man could can understand everything... 

so please don't get confused by reading the other reviews! as an  other customer said in his review "BUYING THIS BOOK WILL NOT BE A MISTAKE OF YOUR LIFE" sure...!                            

                                I think the movie 3 idiots has made chetan bhagat famous. I didnt like his literature. i read all his 5 books in a singlw week. my father had bought me his complete set and trust me, i didnt like anyone of it. altough revolution 2020 was comparably good. rest i hated, to be honest. I read novels from age of 13. maybe thats why I didnt like these books. I think his fame completely belongs to Amir Khan. No doubt..........                            

                                this is the first novel i read in my life.. it was good.. i read 4 yrs back and liked it very much and from then i hav interest in reading novels.. chetan bhagat novels are really good .. he is great writer.. i love his work his writing... this is one of good novels.. go through it :) :)                            

                                This book is so addictive. Started reading it this morning and finished it a a little while ago. Couldn't focus on anything else but on the story.
Chetan is really making India read. Hats off to him and his style of story telling and the plot too.
I'd recommend this as a MUST-READ for anyone who'd LOVE (not just like) to read a fantastic yet thriller yet sexy yet full-of-suspense yet a humorous story.                            

                                worth reading...ausum book..has everything for the youth to be interested to read it...:)Cricket,Politics,Love.Passions,Dreams,Friendship and lots mote...there are lots of twists and turns...boys will love the matters of the cricket...and for every reader may it be a boy or girl...they will love every bit of the book..:)                            

                                nice book.. i cannot say that it is a complete 5star..but one can read it..And i guess at least there is nothing to disappoint in it..characters are framed and explained greatly..

 description of dress which Vidya wore time to time,gave more effect to describe her..(one can imagine it and also co-relate it with sm1 )

Ali's character was also nice..                            

                                Its my first novel that has taken only one day to comlete. Rather than sex, hangout it is full of emotions,human tendencies and the most important humps in the path of life.

apart from emotions, Mr.Bhagat has used very attractive language that has been successful in keeping the suspense of the reader which is a great quality of a good author.



                                in my point of view,it's really worth reading dis book...the story is too interesting that u'll be curious about nxt page...even though u didn't complete the previous page...dis made me to complete the book in a  single sitting..
never hesitate to buy this book.                            

                                Though the story wasnt that good compared to the other books written by Bhagat but this guy has written and expressed it so well...It draws a portay in your mind of what is being said.
Once Again; Fair job Bhagat, Keep It Up!                            

                                The three mistakes that i did are :
 1. Ordered this book 
2. Paid for the book
3. Read this book

This book is a devastation in every sense. Please save ur hard earned money and dont waste it on shit like this                            

                                Between Good Book and Bad Book,there comes another Term
"Quite Good" i.e Average.
This Book Can be "Quite Good" Hindi movie too.
Masala Storyline,Cricket,Blasts,
Best Friend's sister,Love,Betrayal,Murder,
Angry Mob,Alcohol And most Important Suicide Attempt.



                                The starting was nice, but in the middle a bit boring, the end was OK. The book contains some nice funny moments which all will like. Towards the ending too may things happen at the same time. The overall story was not bad and is worth readable.                             

                                This book is really interesting.One should read who really believes in LOVE,FRIENDSHIP & CAREER.I love reading novels.I have never given so positive comment about any book till now.It contains every type of emotion-LOVE,FRIENDSHIP,AMBITIONS,RESPONSIBILITIES & many more...



                                Having read previous two books of Chetan, I felt this book bit low on standarads and full of masala... Just like some routine bollywood masala flick.. Being Ahmedabad my second home, could relate to the book to some extent but still, it disappointed over all...                            

                                I don't know why I read it. The book sounds more like a bollywood movie. Twist and turns sounds very unrealistic. Climax was pure filmy. This was the last book of Chetan Bhagat I read. Will not dare again to do it, didnt enjoy a bit.                            

                                this was my first novel to start for....bt i aint complaning ..chetan bhagat strikes the rite chords fr dis book..he is a sheer genius ..the book iszz engaging,full of drama and interesting to the core.....
go grab dis one fr sure                            

                                chetan bhagat is an excellent writer, however this is not one of his best works. he has tried to put sex, drinks & drama where none could exist. so my opinion it was some what forced rather than natural outcome of complicated life we lead. The story seems disoriented at various locations & out of focus.

i also found it a little biased against the UNCLE. he has put too much effort in portraying his evilness which seems very impractical & at times forced.

so my advice is skip this & move on 2 states which is quite on the level of Chetan Bhagat but if you want a time pass novel & don't need the Chetan Bhagat level, it is an okay book.                            

                                Chetan Bhagat once again proved why he was the topmost English writer in India.The plot selection and the narration was mind blowing,fantastically titled and great dramatization. what else we need to complete a novel in one go.                            

                                only mistake of mine was to read it .i believe that chetan bhagat should stop writing n star doing some spritual work n put an effort to achieve purity of mind,because its better for a guy to buy alcohol than to buy his book.                            

                                After reading five point someone u expect more from dis book..book is a good time pass vid very normal language as chetans book...u read it coz it's chetans,but not a good book as five point someone!!!the story is good,quite emotional...cheap as in price                            

                                AFTER FIVE POINT AND ONE NIGHT@ CALL CENTER CB PRODUCED THREE MISTAKES OF MY LIFE WHICH IS CB'S 1ST MISTAKE.I HOPE ITS CB'S LAST MISTAKE.BORING STORY WITH LACK OF BUSINESS POTENTIAL IN IT.VERY DISAPPOINTED AND HARDLY TO FIND INTEREST ON THIS BOOK                            

                                Thanks to chetan bhagat !!
overall nice story and good ending !!
IF you don't buy this book,that's your big mistake of your life.so Go for it..
It can be said that the Books of Chetan Bhagat craves out the real life situation for every indian, moreover providess behavioral solutions of the deliemma !! It mainly is based on the ideology of the Indian society....
Allover the book wass enjoyable with a perfect amalgamation of thrills, crisis, romance and finally thrilss & suspenses.                             

                                first i would say thanx to flipkart..they gives best service to us ...i like it..:)
This book's main idology was the importance of friends in a guy's life..nd ali's nd ish's charecters is vry nice..i loved their relationship as coach nd student in cricket..but i cant digest one thing..how can gopal loved his best frnds sister..nd hw can he do sex with her...hw can he try to cheat his bestfrnd...                            

                                Character description of the Three Amdavadis wazz good and their affection for Ali (a muslim boy) waz great. This book givezz an actual description of the real incidents such as Earth Quake of 2011, WTC Attack, Godhra Kand and itzz impact on the life of the narrator.
It can be said that the Books of Chetan Bhagat craves out the real life situation for every indian, moreover providess behavioral solutions of the deliemma !! It mainly is based on the ideology of the Indian society....
Allover the book wass enjoyable with a perfect amalgamation of thrills, crisis, romance and finally thrilss & suspenses.                            

                                Opting to read this book, trusting the author Chetan Bhagat was one of "My Mistakes in Life" !
I waited and waited, slept a number of times over the book, hoping that there will be a better turning around !!
Boring, Tiring... unable to express my disappointment !                            

                                This is like reading  a hindi movie, with a few real scenarios merged in,
Chetan probably wanted to write another 3 idiots, to recreate a big box office hit
I don't enjoy hindi movies, but this was a page turner.



                                I had really liked 5 point someone and Two states from Chetan Bhagat.. But this book is nothing close.. it even has a lot of grammar mistakes throughout..
The characters in the book are not people I would like to relate to either.. and random stuff keeps happening without much sense at times..
Just wanted to finish off this book quickly so that i could get on to the next one.. which i could, thanks to its small size..
I regret buying this one..                            

                                The weakest CB book so far. Too preachy for my liking. Still much better than CB clones that have flooded the market but then CB has to be judged by the standards he has set.
Good enough for a one time read.                            

                                After "Five Point Someone" and "One Night @ Call Center" one expects the author to confidently emote a book which at least maintains the standard set by them. "3 Mistakes of My Life" is the biggest mistake of Chetan's Life! There's nothing in this book that actually works; the friendship feels like a hangover from earlier books, the love is boring (seriously "get me sand" that so Bollywoodish!) and there's no Chetan Bhagat comic timing (which is what connects him so close with non-reading type Indians)... If you have read all of Chetan's then read this just to know how badly he slipped before much better Revolution 2020!                            

                                Even considering that Chetan Bhagat is not a great artistic writer, but is a author who appeases the masses, this book touches the lowest depths of literary mediocrity. The book starts promisingly but then veers towards the plot towards plain stupidity and at times makes B-grade bollywood movie plots look better!
This is certainly not what one would expect from the writer of a cult book like the 'Five Mistakes Of my Life'. This book was certainly a blunder in Bhagat's repertoire !                             

                                this is a totally surprising book andone cannot figure it out what typeof book itis.you may have misconception that this book leads to some businesslegend story but it is noy then at some point of time you will think that it will be something elsebut it is nt .the end is not good i.e not intellectually written but any way worth reading for. at some point of time you will surely believe that itis some script of a bollywood movie and it is a superhit one . i finished the story in non stop 7and half hoursand i finally realisethat it was worth reading for.                            

                                now what can i say about chetan who is world renowned for his novels but this one is worth to be in your collection....not as great as 2 states yet it had touch of everything in it.....it's not too interesting yet not so boring as well....                            

                                In lesser words, want ot mention its not like a book only and i felf like watching an indian movie, which has a good ending. Script was good and certain points like what one is waering, how one looked, create the point like its actually happening in front of my eyes and towards the end of last 40 pages just wanted to but could not stop reading...Its awesome and fantastically written book...and at this price if you are not buying it, It will be a big mistake                            

                                this was the first book or more to say  a novel I read in my life. you will be amazed to know i Completed it in 2 days.  i could nt control my exitement of what will happen next after reading each chapter. Some good ppoints to understand especially Indian Politics and the most its dark side "politica of religion and caste". Well of all I like thios book and uhh... What can I say more. read it and have some time of exitement of what. surely not only sex. much about emotions. A good piece by Chetan Bhagat. well done..........                            

                                THIS is my FIRST book i enjoyed it a bit but after that it was like a flop movie story but this book will bind u for the time  u have it in hand.

G8 service by flipkart...



                                This book's main idology was the importance of friends in a guy's life. From seeing cricket together to falling in love with your best friend's sister, it gives an insight about feelings. Though people concider it a masala flick but it touches your heart if you the meaning of friendship. It is my favourite novel.                            

                                Frankly, there are better ways of wasting time!Perhaps watch some stupid movie. Reading this book was certainly a mistake of my life. Why... I don't even want to give it one star! IS there a way of rating it a zero star?                            

                                When i read other reviews about this book and also enquired with my friends, they were not very happy about this book but when i read this book i felt the same language which we are used to from Chtan's books, yes it is no where near to his works like "Five Point someone" or "2 States" but it isnt bad either, the way he gives background to each character and ties up all the loose ends together is what i like in this book as well, it also touches a few sensitive aspects of Gujrat but also explains how they impact business and people.

On delivery front, i received the book in 3 days, which is pretty fast and the packing was good with no bent edges etc and the price is also good so a thumbs up for that                            

                                First book of [author:Chetan Bhagat|61124]'s which I felt boring...

The prologue of the book was so interesting and I couldn't control from completing the book in 2 days (ya, it is a fast read for me).. But after reading this book, I felt the fourth mistake is me reading this book. It was so boring. 

But, the book was not so bad. The story had more twists then any B-grade Bollywood movie..

Not so up to Chetan's level (ya, he has some level in my view)...                            

                                It is much worse than his earlier two books. Five Point Someone was great, the Call Centre was OK with a stupid ending and this one is nothing more than the script for a C grade movie. It certainly does not deserve to be a best seller.                            

                                jst love the way chetan bhagat describe everything...!!!                            

                                I finished this book in a week. I started reading this book with slow pace. But as I finished reading up to 10  chapters I could not resist the temptation to finish. it It's a very good story about a person who wants to be successful in business and how his life takes unexpected turns...I particularly like the last 5 chapters which have many twists...Overall excellent read...                            

                                This is the worst book among the 4 books written by Chetan Bhagat. Its more like a masala movie type novel with every masala (cricket, love, friendship, religion, roits) in it.

None of the books published after "5pointsomeone" from Chetan is worth reading.                             

                                Good bottom line and nice way of story telling... with chetan's Indian masala,
good to have a read:)                             

                                its a superb boook as it reveals the ups & downs of life in a very appropriate manner.must read....................                            

                                the book delves into the life of a boy which takes many twists and turns, some more "filmy" than the other...not my personal favorite, after reading 5 point someone and 2 states i expected something better from the author.                            

                                This the first book read by me written by Chetan Bhagat. I enjoyed reading it and I had bunked the whole day to just read this book.
It has every aspect to keep a reader's attention. Love, Friends, Romance, Riots, the "Masla" and betrayal.                            

                                Chetan bhagat has disappointed me.Worse than revolution 2020.it just turns out at the end but an absolutely good-for-nothing story.When I finished the book I was really wondering how  it became such a hit.Revolution2020  has a superb ending but it is not intelligent.pls dont waste ur money                            

                                its a good book.a one time read.there is no mistake in reading this.but some of the chapters are forced and useless whinch takes away the pace from the story.slangs were too much.but he described evrything beutifully what he wanted to.he made gujrat beutiful.
  but the movie outsmarted the book                            

                                i must say that this book is worth a reading ! this book has everything - friendship, love , sacrifice, cricket ,humour n etc. etc . etc. !!!! i dont know why many people has given this a lower rating :( the way the book goes is jz awsum , it ll keep u hooked ! the love story in it is quite cute as well :)  the end is quite shocking :( but as a whole i loved it :) :)
n no doubt  m giving 5 stars                             

                                I expected a lot from this one, but a sheer DISAPPOINTMENT is what I get in the end. I didn't expect this one to be more like a 'bollywood-masala' movie going on. Romance, Religious-riots, Cricket, Drama, it all seems like a boring crap going on.                            

                                yep..i do agree ,an excellent master piece book with exceptional writing skills and given a chance to bollywood film script.
love reading the way of usage of language, and appreciated for the prompt response of the flipkart. All the best!                             

                                Unfortunately and sadly, the FOURTH mistake of his life.

A very very disappointing book.
Over hyped and overrated.

Chetan Bhagat can do much much better than that. Too many expectations from him.
:)



                                this a nice time pass i have experienced..................
interesting story, good representation adds excitement also in time pass ......................:)

so go on take this book , read it, pass the time, and then forget it................                              

                                I bought this book in the form of flipkart's combo pack of four books almost exactly last year but couldn't dare to read it until now post the experience of One Night At Call Centre whose climax I felt very boring, very filmy and far away from the reality. Then I chose to read Two States which is needless to say that it is one of the bests creation by CB ever and so is the Five Point Someone. Then came the movie 'Kai Po Che' so thought why not to atleast read the book once and then watch the movie later. 

After reading the book I couldn't realize that have finished it in two days. Had I got the time could have finished it in one go, not because of my ability (which could be questionable) but purely because of CB's live narration. I was scolding myself why I didn't even try to read it during last whole year!

The most appealing thing about the story is that, it is the story of three middle class friends who dreams for high but their fortunes doesn't somehow always prove bravery for them. It feels so realistic that you can visualize the things in front of your vision. 

Now I have watched the movie as well and felt that, the book is definitely better than the movie itself. Though it may be because of the fact that, it's very hard to portray the social issues on silver screen when you have communal riots and religious conflicts to depict, considering these facts filmmakers have given the the justice to their level. But still you miss lots of things in the movie, the transition of business of trio from ground level to a respectable to full flourishing one, Goa trip, Australian tour and of course the climax itself. Though it could have been totally different experience for others but that's my opinion.

Those who have watched the movie and could not read this book yet, must confess should go for this book.                            

                                Story starts well but the ending of it is not at all required and is a bit off track.Good read though as you get to see the Chetan Bhagat style of narration with a little ups and downs.Highly recommended for fans of Chetan Bhagat's writing !                             
